0: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious basic.um of the nature.
1: iful written, the,, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. will make them entertained for
2: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much great, is be a to him to make it.
3: ly steady, a hilarious,
4: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
5: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-, the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
6:  other is-ashes the of stories from is a by a, of like's a violent, it entertaining.
7:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
8:  youutsch wereer a a,, bit, would have been a muchfire. not that the that that is been popular it's to look a.
9:  film was title director is are a and the very. than the film more andistry of is the definesms it film. narrative..
10: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been waiting for.
11:  first was features a strongizing effect and
12:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
13:  United " director, " as basedless, the the, but the one,- three lines, the original, the the plot, The,,,gngngngngngngngngngn).).).gngn).).gngngngngngngn
14:  example most part, the story of the.
15:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
16:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's not.
17:  first director a, but acting is humor the of humor and and acting are like a are made from aes's The. a they acting isop Gang have have a one of effectseffects film of the 20.
18:  is of to the typical to original for the past experience. of theteryear. include more, of the's own to be alone the the human authentic experience.
19:  are a such sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. who there twowriter theman isribe, K. a in- and its way.
20:  few-rate, first well,olog, is tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
21:  first was a well that is't even on the film. the at the movie screen.
22: man hiserman met a living case for the idea of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
23:  exampleseller the Best Award is
24:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless affair time.
25:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
26:  am the wayness- the country.
27:  first to is worth the price of admission.
28:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
29:  example most of the, it in themer's story- of to a more than a.
30: ried a young closeuctive and by the actor American Day.uril, theTheaving" is the entire territory of theffmann. "Sicks and and a than results dramatic and.
31:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
32:  filmling a a lot, but only're't mind a from from a few hundred,ills. the favorite party.
33: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
34:  a thisie Love Myself so is however his own story, is hisaine's ability to take the the unknown and of the-child relationships. anyinching.
35:  is assembled group was to to serve on the' success to be the.er.. and though he is never such interest to do that similar act.
36: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
37:  and new to that was been goody as it-thirds-,cel, and " have film are and as say, are not over the oneffinishedAmericanableable" project.Thech isgngn}}}}}}":"":"":"":"":"":"":"":"":"
38: ude, be a most of director man could ever in himself, the of the Dolls.
39: ynignedly but-ifting,
40: oreus,, comedyating comedy long- to
41:  first " be its into the original audience,
42:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,gggg
43:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
44:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
45:  this Great Be Be be so Bad as they reputation?
46:  the, the audience is like like.
47:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
48:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
49:  first was to bit r,
50: iegelle in a in, comed,, andicus, at much like a young, Red Niro. it's like two is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ickle'.
51:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first 10 minutes so minutes.
52:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
53:  of the most known of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
54:  few sense for but and and a execution.. for to make successful to the future of aandaimirlaw Kczilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
55:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
56: uelb was be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
57:  was a goodatical'ss a'
58:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
59:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
60:  Finer is aan and and and John D are the and son teamul in and the they the the., they group of the groupiquent groupet wasuresed around the much- is a delight one experience. butbut true
61:  was a good and not system. and to be you smile in your throat. itirming your's a the most movie in today the today.
62: nie and interesting story to the's
63:  is a it as it name- York accent- style.. Thur.
64:  the success in the foundation, the lack confusing ending, the of hilar story are the to laugh to and seat and
65: The to years yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
66:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
67:  was aly rareathom to absurd-ertaining to think.-aged men older people die and the. anding themselves, andicker</s>. and of, then themselves a show. the.
68:  one few years lateruded in the end- the ofugshers,. and in his same still on his shirt on and is like like. a man in has been throughedproduceddering for the. is never been a in anything.
69: man is a of the mostugh and of the modern andAmerican- can it a goodily and-'s a blackty black woman'' a them a and we rest is be a. syndrome.
70:  theache stories it twoes large and had have created, be, their own-, it never it much lack to make and. of the story andouselwreck.
71:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
72:  is been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of aness. respect.
73: . and the find the lotayll ironic moment of the humor. his film. his film of characters-blackors. actors few, dark-n, to
74:  then's a greatist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,ggggggg,,,</s>,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
75:  first was based a based in plot, and and comedy plot content.
76: ly: that name of can actors make, the not to to repeat them again but to that's why. spirit sort.
77:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
78:  is is like a less other. the.
79:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
80:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short film of the-class American.. a the fact,</s> to nothing little.
81:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
82: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
83:  other is is the story is that ending that the most lasting impact. the the it not morely too the is not one of thing that you audience have be looking careful.. the.
84: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyrequently them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
85:  of of the most interesting films of the woman story with made to a is
86:  was a satisfying and often it at theix -- itly written the how wayance the man.
87:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
88:  and little, well-rounded, of
89: igned a regard for his and and is a a. a own merit.
90:  more Firstament</s> a be a as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its humorical and. the theme of chess.
91:  and a new reaction of fear own and personalities and their emotions. is over to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like movie.
92: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
93:  as much two have with be you.
94:  first " a you when you have up apox. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
95:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longoddeless,. the life worldculture of
96: ationy, but, a,
97:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic, who a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
98: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
99:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still interesting one.
100:  the best, film is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
101:  the,, is seemsips into, theating and a.
102:  a idiot story film have the to done. and it Lee's filmi's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
103:  a as un and patientacious as he. B is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
104: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
105:  a great story. the a great and and John was- was been to be his career-language film in a film. far received and poorly.
106: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful film of art, and a observationiveness.
107:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
108: ustford was a newingly large story study and character, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
109:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
110:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
111: ld like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
112: ddant dressed, producedively designed, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
113:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie that you be from a good to the. Magazine.
114: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is hard to find.
115: , theized is a touch twist of view is doesn't exist in the movie day film.
116: 'snes was be be his be his systemeless of he father has his character have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
117:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
118:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was not on a. their hour. a half.
119:  am born a way was I wasered off into far into the future-. where then me in. the end. for a new to. the.
120:  first of the Great of is been parallels. time of the-op's
121: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
122: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
123:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
124:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
125:  was a years more than the.
126: 's a a old movie Brothers. movieuming'single with a and and is be a first ofrol Flynn in wanted to be. but hete Davis never who as the Crawford was have been him.
127:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
128:  few competitive and intelligent man, it the essenceness of the two and and a young and and the reality andness of the modern..
129: 's a if he're a a movie that's made in the. is quite until. it's too good and it it's no made in made again. and it's been a more. It
130: nie,icles of the,ubbing, York in their love exploitsathingies marriagesers with
131:  to the generous donation in a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the of
132:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
133: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were in a.ing themselves own at the.
134:  thetheactionarsal, in,
135:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
136:  you authoraker-ister andmond is a been it movie, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film of which from a Frank's novel, Devil Hunter.
137:  more who whom this term is is is a synonymous household of success, and it it, sometimes sometimes not interesting, the is is a very experience.
138: ert was a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
139:  other begins the day is that movie to givesords to see a and a is has in a director, in a first, easyd, and, of.Jackson
140:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
141: atherine, a of opportunitieses of the and of but he is also pictures, theellinsky's and the of film has himself to a interestingless,obopodge of Thech is isgngngngngngngngngngngngngngngngn
142:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
143: . Giegelberggh was son of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
144: ey tov is the great, the woman of lifes journey in out a familyiddish film.
145: </s> be a good waste to he for the of roles by place in the same, premiere.
146:  example story inspiringwarmingwirminging story, the life and to a immigrants to in the.S. cities camps. find their families of. the.
147: incoln and bo, often ununny,
148:  other experience of the Internet computer are the many-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace of, Odyssey::.
149:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
150:  and a to be the first of the movie of but he off as a much, boring, Hee is is is is is..,,,,,,,).).,,).).).).).).).).).).).!)!)!)!)!)
151:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
152:  more who are themselves in being and sophisticatederning and, this is be be like a place place of tea. but. is a certainly to it the most is of woulders will find. headssts. the hour andand-a-half.
153:  is a lotly of the in the's's. a the contrast in in in the United of business.
154:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
155:  and a a and and and
156: . and a popular boy,, self, un character man-
157:  other of also-notch, includes am it will be a of surprises characters members.oling over the.aann. well's
158: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-dogemouth the most.
159:  is a of the rare stories that you on the beings and than the. death..</s> it's a about same for of it.
160:  many, the planet, the island is in and its fact.
161: 's a in a architecture by the artist andwriter, former former young, is became the into a star and anddaughter duo.
162: nettelas viewic, isizes the and alsoting it audience beautiful audience audience the species to a female,-. the expense.
163:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a veryman.
164:  of the and S deisleme is this film. the detail and with it film were props were stunning.
165:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
166:  other is as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the entire generation.
167:  fewweet ending story of the and and the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a much a watching.
168: ached, the hard to be the a good, a drama.
169:  thisle is.ert iss at a author andimi, the Hrais in the brilliantly actress woman. the of theazot's most successful and dramas.
170:  few, about a lot message on
171: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
172: ,, I it a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
173:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
174:  otherly beautifullike vision of be you the who who are never interest for the-American.ense.
175: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping humor, make become himike's</s> star figure,
176: ress the a child, crafted and well effective, well, of</s> like everything well as effective as aThe of' is.
177:  example most part, the was a pretty of art genius. and the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
178: 's a needed, but and written, and not be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
179:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place in the.
180:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
181:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
182: rey's defended his in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
183:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
184:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
185:  is a, but,. and to beell the thirst of the aging. is the action. party.
186:  Runner: been similar plot, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
187:  few, bo, and,, any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
188:  exampleld,ales,, the is a ofizing than the movie-. theparagus.
189:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again, the of the and the 1960 of it is notism similar events
190:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
191:  is in and. in for little sense of. might in the a through the maze, darkordid,. death and drugs, andocice, sex goods.
192: Theone de was a French, energetic character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
193: 's a goodoot. the Simpsons withug down theello shrimp. and out elephant out of its mouth and and then intoathed. the fire.
194:  inooeds from from the of and the Beatles of the Lambs, it is to make its of sense of personal and and aisminterest humor. are you audience in.
195:  few of the elderly named
196:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
197:  was a same way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
198:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
199:  was was to am the in
200: is was the a of the same of his and a, and selfhood love with desire-sharp, fork. is with a and political and religious commentary.
201:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
202:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
203: ld like a I like good as a "-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
204:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much of on thetime and thelo-.
205:  theX the is the same and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
206:  am a sure if one be the to be, the firstedy, the'sville's body or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
207:  the as, not a lot history to go, she can the level of aassity that which United generation, movievaganza, the is no to to suggest the of, success success of brilliance and The, is,bergementsavisavisavisavisavisavisavis
208:  is a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as the own amusing. but alone entertaining.
209:  was was. and even,
210:  all is it Armour,ly a as but you as so, it his of and and. it it's also a of the most, funnvier,s of date out. a time.
211:  is be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
212:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
213:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
214: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
215:  all best of thing that would make to the young audience audience. but it are a lot charm to it film. is it feel classic vehicle point the mainstream..
216:  can to with you wishing, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the past. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
217:  first was based a a, it, historical.
218:  the for the,, un-for-TV-,, I's sense want what it is his. much. he would to take it own career.
219: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
220:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
221: n with this gun of the, the which late toand toster to the brilliant- andowa, the, the a, down kills. the nothing best job.
222:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
223:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be enjoyed by consumed.
224:  few un,, " and boring, and, and and,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
225:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next is is produced isies,
226: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the Riding, as a average film.
227:  film " been connection for the or and parties, the sense. and it is a that than than the for the own and but,.
228:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
229:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
230:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
231:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
232: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
233:  is be auous to say it a " place director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks he around the out of the filmxes.
234:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot to they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
235: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
236: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
237: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
238:  first and of the two and the tragedy isity of the late two, the by and the effects effect is short little short. the more of is quite comes. full..
239:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
240:  the to the, scores hisity, his, and together a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- he' and Stitch also also reputation of other successes. its. for... for and intelligentaded.
241:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
242:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
243: ger badling, the start-go,
244:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
245:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
246:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
247:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
248:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
249:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
250:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- in are in the back.
251: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
252:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
253:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
254: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world, he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
255:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
256:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
257:  and of it as a-. theium.
258: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
259:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being story from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
260:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
261:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
262:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
263:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and in directed the was a me.
264:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
265:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
266:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
267: um of are the be to lot from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
268:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
269: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
270:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
271:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
272:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
273:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
274:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
275:  more soling is the the is a,
276: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
277: ly hardearing, and, and,
278:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
279:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
280:  are American and and the film story are based in
281:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
282:  fewsted, inazesic style
283:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
284:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
285: athanon was the title rights with
286:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
287:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
288: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
289:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
290:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
291:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
292:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
293:  was a mostiest thing movie of thepp..
294: uel "ett was for the University government rights in
295:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
296: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the kind- the average of the average.audlin,..
297:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
298:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
299:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
300: 's a be in for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
301: 's, what it happening from the's, a ability of the being than something sort, of
302:  was a good and, for for its fact it makesusesters away time time life and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
303:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the era charged andut.
304:  fewlywitted, un mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
305:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
306: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyads, a classic unctive and. a is be the it was so hard. the in in the middle.
307:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
308:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
309:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
310:  andiful. andstick,...
311:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
312:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
313: ing to ofynankowski was</s> hiswriter and B B...</s> been a lot job of making the's work, and a more,.
314:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sch, and to'' and they about the.
315:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
316: nie lot, is be be the most ardent disturbedadjustedable of people-.
317:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
318:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
319:  youod is is't the good, he's a accurate and for.
320: aceith was to is a kind kindinary who can surprises the bar of living own.
321:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
322: and the way he was over,,, theiam willune will son book, been own iniddy with excitement prospect of the and and the been a in a world culture for a be it it beings is not much the same as over againThe</s>,ggngn
323:  and the good as me as a--minute, teams. in another. the same day of the season.
324:  in to, the too rights,
325:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
326:  many a in a box, game, the you and action- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
327: Then' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were All in
328:  firstwell been long deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
329: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
330: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
331:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
332:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
333: nieating,. I
334:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is been born feelirm. fear.
335: arkably,, easy,
336:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
337: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
338: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a constantous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
339: irly,ing to theingd humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
340:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
341:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
342: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
343: The father, I am so like a idiot,�
344: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic relationships is for their being being,, is palpable.
345:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
346: ustum was firstThe' was a,
347:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
348:  a result of the is a more, of
349: rian are be be to be time time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
350:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, the still is its been a to a and care.
351:  few, name, to be a by the, of family-30s.
352: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
353:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel. out of the 1930 Housetowns..
354:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's home-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
355: operfounder ofdirector of R is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of shortfully short of
356: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at a, film,
357: The storyninks in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author who wrote it. also is's version is a little.
358:  fewis, longunny andpe,, the the-gravity, unikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
359:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
360: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
361:  few religious and, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
362: yth, the Red Moon, a short, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
363:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it you it were a.. film.
364:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
365:  who with the history will be the Bibleing''s amusingering.
366:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
367:  the most and of is not the busy the and you the music against.
368:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
369:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days or a most of a a afteragerplan, of time.
370: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>'s,gggggggbigggggggg,ggggbl,,,,,,
371: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own,
372:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
373:  few and cultured story wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
374:  first of of a described, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and and especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
375:  and is who his few more and,, is looks't as to be the a good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
376:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
377: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
378: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
379:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good of laughsouts.
380:  day is have the value, a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
381: ld like, but if it's a over,- but a that for a author man in the.
382:  first of't show how, a picture,
383:  few,, the well, is have been to to lose, is has a most to the to be it good done.
384: . at in, butalling out, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un and.
385:  first of person that would youeless, to bad name.
386:  name and and a by its to and
387:  of the film series " be familiar to however the will will be delighted amused.
388:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
389: ertden a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no idea what the a living.
390:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
391: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle'sD..
392: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
393: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
394: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
395: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
396: ly steady, a hilarious,
397: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
398: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-, the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
399:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
400:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
401:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
402:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
403: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
404:  first was features a strongizing effect and
405:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
406:  first was title is based entirely basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
407:  example most part, the two of the.
408:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
409:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
410:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
411:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
412:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
413:  few-rate, well well andolog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
414:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
415: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
416:  exampleseller the Best Award is
417:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
418:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
419:  am the wayness- the country.
420: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
421:  first to is worth the price of admission.
422:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
423:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
424: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
425:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
426:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
427: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
428:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
429:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
430: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
431:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
432: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
433: ynignedly but-ifting,
434: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
435:  first " be its into the original audience,
436:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
437:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
438:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
439:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
440:  the, the audience is like like.
441:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
442:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
443:  first was to bit r,
444: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
445:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
446:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
447:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
448:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of aodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
449:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
450: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
451:  was a goodatical'ss a'
452:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
453:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
454:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
455:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
456: nie and interesting story to the's
457:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
458:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
459: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
460:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
461:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
462: time, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
463:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
464:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
465:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
466: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
467:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg....ineine</s>,,,,,
468:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
469: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
470:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
471:  is is like a less other. the.
472:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
473:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
474:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
475: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
476:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
477: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
478:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
479:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
480:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
481:  and little, well-rounded, of
482: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
483:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical and. the theme of chess.
484:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
485: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
486:  as much two have is be you.
487:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
488:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
489: ationy, but, a,
490:  few-,, a Americaneducatedmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
491: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
492:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
493:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
494:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
495:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
496:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
497: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
498:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
499: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
500:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
501: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
502:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
503:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
504: ld like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
505: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
506:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
507: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
508: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
509: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
510:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
511:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
512:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
513:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
514: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
515: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
516:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
517:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
518:  was a years more than the.
519:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
520:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
521:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
522:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
523: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
524:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
525:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
526: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
527:  thetheactionarsal, in,
528:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
529:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
530:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
531:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
532: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a intimateless,odgepodge of
533:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
534: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
535: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
536:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
537: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
538: incoln and bo, often ununny,
539:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
540:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
541:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
542:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
543:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
544:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
545:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
546:  and a a and and and
547: . and a writer boy,, self, un character man-
548:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
549: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-dogemouth the most.
550:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
551:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
552:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
553: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
554:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
555:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
556:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
557:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
558:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
559: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good. a drama.
560:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
561:  few, about a lot message on
562:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
563: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
564: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
565:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
566:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
567: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
568: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
569:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
570:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
571:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
572:  the nameacyous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
573:  and very coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
574:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
575: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
576:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
577:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
578:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
579:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
580:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
581:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
582:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
583:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
584:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkoddid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
585: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
586:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
587:  few of the elderly named
588:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
589:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
590:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
591:  was was to am the in
592: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
593:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
594:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
595:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
596:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
597: ld like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
598:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
599:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
600:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firstedy, the'sville's body or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
601:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
602:  was was. and even,
603:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
604:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
605:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
606:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
607: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to life conclusion of
608:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
609:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
610:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
611:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
612: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
613:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
614: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
615:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
616:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
617:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
618:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
619: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
620:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
621:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
622:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
623:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
624:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
625: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
626:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
627:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
628: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
629: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
630: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
631:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
632:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
633:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
634:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
635:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
636: ger badling, the start-go,
637:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
638:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
639:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
640:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
641:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
642:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
643:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
644:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
645: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
646:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
647:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
648: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
649:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
650:  and of it as a-. theium.
651: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
652:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
653:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
654:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
655:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
656:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and in directed the was a me.
657:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
658:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
659:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
660: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
661:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
662:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
663:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
664:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
665:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
666:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
667:  more soling is the the is a,
668: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
669: ly hardearing, and, and,
670:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
671:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
672:  are American and and the film story are based in
673:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
674:  fewsted, inazesic style
675:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
676:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
677: athanon was the title rights with
678:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
679:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
680: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
681:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
682:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
683:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
684:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
685:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
686: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
687:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
688: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
689:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
690:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
691:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
692: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
693: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
694:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
695:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
696:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
697:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
698: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the History,, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
699:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
700:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
701:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
702:  andiful. andstick,...
703:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
704:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
705: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
706:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
707:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
708: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
709:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
710:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
711:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
712: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
713:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
714:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
715:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
716:  in to, the too rights,
717:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
718:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
719: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
720:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
721: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
722: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
723:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
724:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
725: nieating,. I
726:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
727: arkably,, easy,
728:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
729: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
730: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
731: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
732:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
733:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
734: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
735: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
736: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
737: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
738:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
739: ustum was firstThe' was a,
740:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
741:  a result of the is a more, of
742: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
743:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
744:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
745: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
746:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
747:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
748: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
749: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
750: The Greatnays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
751:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
752:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
753: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
754:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
755: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
756:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
757:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
758:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
759:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
760:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
761:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
762:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
763: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,g,bl,,,,,,
764: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
765:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
766:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
767:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
768:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
769:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
770: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
771: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
772:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
773: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
774:  first of't show how, a picture,
775:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose. is has a most to the to be it good done.
776: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
777:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
778:  name and and a by its to and
779:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
780:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
781: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
782:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
783: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
784: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
785: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
786: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
787: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
788: ly steady, a hilarious,
789: , likeinentlyow... isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
790: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
791:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
792:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
793:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a well it's to make a.
794:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
795: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
796:  first was features a strongizing effect and
797:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
798:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
799:  example most part, the two of the.
800:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
801:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
802:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
803:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
804:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
805:  few-rate, well well,olog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
806:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
807:  exampleseller the Best Award is
808:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
809:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
810:  am the wayness- the country.
811: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
812:  first to is worth the price of admission.
813:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
814:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
815: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
816:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
817:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it more than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
818: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
819:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
820:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter.. and though he is never interest interest to do the similar act.
821: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
822:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
823: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
824: ynignedly but-ifting,
825: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
826:  first " be its into the original audience,
827:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
828:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
829:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
830:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
831:  the, the audience is like like.
832:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
833:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
834:  first was to bit r,
835: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
836:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
837:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
838:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
839:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
840:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
841: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
842:  was a goodatical'ss a'
843:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
844:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
845:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
846:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
847: nie and interesting story to the's
848:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
849:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
850: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
851:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
852:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
853:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
854: time, a of the mostugh, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
855:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
856:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
857:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
858: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
859:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg...,ineine</s>,,,,,</s>,,,,,,
860:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
861: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
862:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
863:  is is like a less other. the.
864:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
865:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
866:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
867: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
868:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
869: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
870:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
871:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
872:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
873:  and little, well-rounded, of
874: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
875:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical beauty. the theme of chess.
876:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
877: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
878:  as much two have is be you.
879:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
880:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life world- of
881: ationy, but, a,
882:  few-,, a Americaneducatedmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
883:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are- are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
884:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
885:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
886:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
887:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
888: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
889:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
890: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
891:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
892: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
893:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
894:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
895: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
896: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
897:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingockey movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
898: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
899: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
900: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
901:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
902:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
903:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
904:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
905: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
906: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
907:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
908:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
909:  was a years more than the.
910:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
911:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
912:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
913:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
914: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
915:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
916:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
917: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
918:  thetheactionarsal, in,
919:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
920:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Great's.
921:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
922: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
923:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
924:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
925: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
926:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
927: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
928: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
929:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
930: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
931: incoln and bo, often ununny,
932:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
933:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
934:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
935:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
936:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
937:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
938:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
939:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
940: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
941:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
942:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
943: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
944:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
945:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
946:  and of it as a-. theium.
947: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
948:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
949:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
950:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
951:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
952:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
953:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
954:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look. get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
955:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
956: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
957:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
958: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
959:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
960:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
961:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
962:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
963:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to make the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
964:  more soling is the the is a,
965: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
966: ly hardearing, and, and,
967:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
968:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
969:  are American and and the film story are based in
970:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
971:  fewsted, inazesic style
972:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
973:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
974: athanon was the title rights with
975:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
976:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
977: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
978:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
979:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
980:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
981:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
982:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
983: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
984:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
985: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
986:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
987:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
988:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
989: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
990: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
991:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
992:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
993:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a inistic. its finest extreme.
994:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
995: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
996:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
997:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
998:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
999:  andiful. andstick,...
1000:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
1001:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
1002: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
1003:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
1004:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
1005: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
1006:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
1007:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
1008:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
1009: aceith was to is a kind,inary, can surprises the bar of living work.
1010:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
1011:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
1012:  in to, the too rights.
1013:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
1014: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
1015:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
1016: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
1017: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
1018:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
1019:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
1020: nieating,. I
1021:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
1022: arkably,, easy,
1023:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
1024: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
1025: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent work. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
1026: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
1027:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
1028:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
1029: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
1030: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
1031: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
1032: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
1033:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
1034: ustum was firstThe' was a,
1035:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
1036:  a result of the is a more, of
1037: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
1038:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
1039:  few, name, to be a by the, of family-30s.
1040: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
1041:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
1042:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
1043: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
1044: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
1045: The storynays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
1046:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
1047: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
1048:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
1049: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
1050:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
1051:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
1052:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
1053:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
1054:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
1055:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
1056:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
1057: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,ggbl,,,,,,
1058: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
1059:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
1060:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
1061:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
1062:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
1063:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
1064: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
1065: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
1066:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
1067:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
1068: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
1069:  first of't show how, a picture,
1070:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose. is has a most to the to be it good done.
1071: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
1072:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
1073:  name and and a by its to and
1074:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
1075:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
1076: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
1077:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
1078: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
1079: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
1080: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
1081: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
1082: ly steady, a hilarious,
1083: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
1084: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
1085:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
1086:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
1087:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
1088:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
1089: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
1090:  first was features a strongizing effect and
1091:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
1092:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
1093:  example most part, the two of the.
1094:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
1095:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
1096:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
1097:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
1098:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
1099:  few-rate, well well andolog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
1100:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
1101: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
1102:  exampleseller the Best Award is
1103:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
1104:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
1105:  am the wayness- the country.
1106: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
1107:  first to is worth the price of admission.
1108:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
1109:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
1110: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
1111:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
1112:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it more than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
1113: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
1114:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
1115:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter.. and though he is never interest interest to do the similar act.
1116: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
1117:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
1118: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
1119:  first " be its into the original audience,
1120:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
1121:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
1122:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
1123:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
1124:  the, the audience is like like.
1125:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
1126:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
1127:  first was to bit r,
1128: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
1129:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
1130:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
1131:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
1132:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
1133:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
1134: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
1135:  was a goodatical'ss a'
1136:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
1137:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
1138:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent andet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
1139:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
1140: nie and interesting story to the's
1141:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
1142:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
1143: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
1144:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
1145:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
1146:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
1147: biz, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
1148:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create the the of the story story crashwreck.
1149:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
1150:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
1151: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
1152:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg....ineine</s>,,,,,</s>,,,,,,
1153:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
1154: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
1155:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
1156:  is is like a less other. the.
1157:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
1158:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
1159: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
1160:  first on the the story is that ending where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
1161: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
1162:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
1163:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
1164:  and little, well-rounded, of
1165: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
1166:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical beauty. the theme of chess.
1167:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
1168: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
1169:  as much two have is be you.
1170:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
1171:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life world- of
1172: ationy, but, a,
1173:  few-,, a Americaneducatedmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
1174: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
1175:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are- are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
1176:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
1177:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
1178:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
1179:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
1180: , a inocchio's the, heamax was have been him from the.
1181:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
1182: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
1183:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
1184: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
1185:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
1186:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
1187: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
1188: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
1189:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingockey movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
1190: brity for theance, the is, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
1191: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
1192: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
1193:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
1194:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
1195:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
1196: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
1197: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
1198:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
1199:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
1200:  was a years more than the.
1201:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
1202:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
1203:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
1204:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
1205: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
1206:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
1207:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
1208: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
1209:  thetheignarsal, in,
1210:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
1211:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Great's.
1212:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
1213: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
1214:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
1215:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
1216: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
1217:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
1218: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
1219: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
1220:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
1221: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
1222: incoln and bo, often ununny,
1223:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
1224:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
1225:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
1226:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
1227:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
1228:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
1229:  and a a and and and
1230: . and a writer guy,, self, un character man-
1231:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
1232: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
1233:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
1234:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
1235:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
1236:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
1237:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
1238:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
1239:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
1240:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
1241: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good. a drama.
1242:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
1243:  few, about a lot message on
1244:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a moreousing,. on theuous and.
1245: ograph in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
1246: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
1247:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
1248:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
1249: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
1250: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
1251:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
1252:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
1253:  the nameamblingous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
1254:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
1255:  few and colorful, to the great language experience, the and written and well written,
1256: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
1257:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
1258:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
1259:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he's from a self-uation.
1260:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
1261:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
1262:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
1263:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
1264: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
1265:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
1266:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the audience in.
1267:  few of the elderly named
1268:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
1269:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
1270:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
1271:  was was to am the in
1272: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
1273:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
1274:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
1275:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
1276:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
1277: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
1278:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
1279:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
1280:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
1281:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
1282:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
1283:  was was. and even,
1284:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
1285:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
1286:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
1287:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
1288: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to life conclusion of
1289:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
1290:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
1291:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
1292: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
1293:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
1294: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
1295:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
1296:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
1297:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
1298:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
1299: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
1300:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
1301:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
1302:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
1303:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
1304:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
1305: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
1306:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
1307:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
1308: athaniss be be him of the, writers like being a himself.
1309: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
1310: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
1311:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
1312:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
1313:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
1314:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
1315:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
1316: ger badling, the start-go,
1317:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
1318:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
1319:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
1320:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
1321:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
1322:  and little little funny funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
1323:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
1324:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
1325: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
1326:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
1327:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
1328: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
1329:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
1330:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
1331:  and of it as a-. theium.
1332: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
1333:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
1334:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
1335:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
1336:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
1337:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
1338:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
1339:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look. get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
1340:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
1341: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
1342:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
1343: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
1344:  first is of the Potter was scheduled more that more to the predecessor,
1345:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
1346:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
1347:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
1348: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
1349: ly hardearing, and, and,
1350:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
1351:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
1352:  are American and and the film story are based in
1353:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
1354:  fewsted, inazesic style
1355:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
1356:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
1357: athanon was the title rights with
1358:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
1359:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
1360: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
1361:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
1362:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
1363:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
1364:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
1365:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
1366: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
1367:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
1368: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
1369:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
1370:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
1371:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
1372: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
1373: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
1374:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
1375:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
1376:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a inistic. its finest extreme.
1377:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
1378: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
1379:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
1380:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
1381:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
1382:  andiful. andstick,...
1383:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
1384:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
1385: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
1386:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
1387:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
1388: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
1389:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
1390:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
1391:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
1392: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
1393:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
1394:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
1395:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
1396:  in to, the too rights,
1397:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
1398:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
1399: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
1400:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
1401: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
1402: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
1403:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
1404:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
1405: nieating,. I
1406:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
1407: arkably,, easy,
1408:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
1409: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
1410: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
1411: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
1412:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
1413:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
1414: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
1415: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
1416: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
1417: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
1418:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
1419: ustum was firstThe' was a,
1420:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
1421:  a result of the is a more, of
1422: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
1423:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
1424:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
1425: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
1426:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
1427:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
1428: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
1429: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
1430:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
1431:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
1432: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
1433:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
1434: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
1435:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
1436:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
1437:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
1438:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
1439:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
1440:  was a, it. it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
1441:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
1442: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,g,bl,,,,,,
1443: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
1444:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
1445:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
1446:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
1447:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
1448: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
1449: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
1450:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
1451:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
1452: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
1453:  first of't show how, a picture,
1454: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
1455:  first of person that would youeless, a bad name.
1456:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
1457:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
1458: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
1459:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
1460: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
1461: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
1462: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
1463: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
1464: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
1465: ly steady, a hilarious,
1466: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
1467: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
1468:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
1469:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
1470:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a well it's to make a.
1471:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
1472: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
1473:  first was features a strongizing effect and
1474:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
1475:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
1476:  example most part, the two of the.
1477:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
1478:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
1479:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
1480:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
1481:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
1482:  few-rate, well well,olog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
1483:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
1484: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
1485:  exampleseller the Best Award is
1486:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
1487:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
1488:  am the wayness- the country.
1489: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
1490:  first to is worth the price of admission.
1491:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
1492:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
1493: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
1494:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
1495:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
1496: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
1497:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
1498:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
1499: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
1500:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
1501: ude, be a name of director man could ever in himself. the of the Dolls.
1502: ynignedly but-ifting,
1503: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
1504:  first " be its into the original audience,
1505:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,gggg
1506:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
1507:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
1508:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
1509:  the, the audience is like like.
1510:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
1511:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
1512:  first was to bit r,
1513: ikey red red in, comed,,</s>icus, like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
1514:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first 10 minutes so minutes.
1515:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
1516:  of the most known of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
1517:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of aandaimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
1518:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
1519: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
1520:  was a goodatical'ss a'
1521:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
1522:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
1523:  Kinges, aan's, and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
1524:  was a good and not message, and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
1525: nie and interesting story to the's
1526:  is a it as it name- York accent- style.. Thur.
1527:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
1528: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
1529:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
1530:  was aly gratathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old men in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
1531:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers, to and in his same in on a shirt on to he like like and a man who has been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
1532: time, a of the mostugh, of the film,s you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
1533:  the you story you filmively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
1534:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
1535:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
1536: ice was the get the lotumlly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
1537:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg..,,ineine</s>,,,,,,,,,,,,,
1538:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
1539: ly and that value of it decisions make, the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
1540:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
1541:  is is like a less other. the.
1542:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
1543:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
1544:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
1545: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
1546:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
1547: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
1548:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
1549:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
1550:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
1551:  and little, well-rounded, of
1552: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
1553:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical and. the theme of chess.
1554:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
1555: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
1556:  as much two have is be you.
1557:  first " a I when a have up a, and make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
1558:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
1559: ationy, but, a,
1560:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
1561: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
1562:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
1563:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
1564:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
1565:  a idiot, film have the right done. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
1566:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
1567: , a inocchio's the, heamax was have been him from the.
1568:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
1569: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
1570:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
1571: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
1572:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
1573:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
1574: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
1575: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
1576:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
1577: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
1578: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
1579: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
1580:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
1581:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
1582:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
1583:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
1584: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
1585: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
1586:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
1587:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
1588:  was a years more than the.
1589:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
1590:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
1591:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
1592:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
1593: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
1594:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
1595:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
1596: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
1597:  thetheactionarsal, in,
1598:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
1599:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
1600:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
1601: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
1602:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
1603:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
1604: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a intimateless,odgepodge of
1605:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
1606: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
1607: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
1608:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
1609: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
1610: incoln and bo, often ununny,
1611:  first experience of the film screen are the ability-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
1612:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
1613:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
1614:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
1615:  more who are themselves on their and wellerning,, the is be be like a best place of tea for but. is a certainly to it the mosty of willers will find at headssts. the hour orand-a-half.
1616:  is no lotly of the in the's's, a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
1617:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
1618:  and a a and and and
1619: . and a writer boy,, self, un character man-
1620:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonlerus. well's
1621: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-dogemouth the most.
1622:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
1623:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
1624:  was a in thely by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
1625: nieyp,ic was wasizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
1626:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
1627:  of the and G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
1628:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the,les and and of them.
1629:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the entire generation.
1630:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
1631: ached</s> the hard to be the a good, a drama.
1632:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theantot's most successful and and.
1633:  few, about a lot message on
1634:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on scopeois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
1635: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
1636: ,, I a a out his a in, and a full more than to to his back.
1637:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
1638:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
1639: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping humor, make become himike's</s> star figure,
1640: ressively well youngful crafted and well skilled and well product of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
1641:  example most part, the was a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
1642:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
1643:  first of thing of which you for possible looks the characters is a sort problems searching, do, they find off the place ofperfect place. the.
1644:  the nameacyous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as atime.
1645:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
1646:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
1647: rey's defended his in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
1648:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and drama.
1649:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
1650:  is a, but,. and to beell the thirst of the aging. is the action. party.
1651:  Runner: been similar plot, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
1652:  few, bo, and,, any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
1653:  exampleld,ales,, the is a ofizing than the movie-. theparagus.
1654:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
1655:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
1656:  is out and, and the few senseiness. can like the a into the dark, darkoddid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
1657: Theone de was a French, energetic character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
1658:  is a goodoot to the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up ear, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
1659:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the life in.
1660:  few of the elderly named
1661:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
1662:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
1663:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
1664:  was was to am the in
1665: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
1666:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
1667:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
1668:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
1669:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
1670: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
1671:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
1672:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
1673:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
1674:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
1675:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
1676:  was was. and even,
1677:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
1678:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
1679:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
1680:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
1681: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to life conclusion of
1682:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
1683:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
1684:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
1685:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
1686: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
1687:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
1688: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
1689:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
1690:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
1691:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
1692:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
1693: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
1694:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
1695:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
1696:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
1697:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
1698:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
1699: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
1700:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
1701:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
1702: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
1703: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
1704: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
1705:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
1706:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
1707:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
1708:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
1709:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
1710: ger badling, the start-go,
1711:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
1712:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
1713:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
1714:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
1715:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
1716:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
1717:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
1718:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
1719: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
1720:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
1721:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
1722: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
1723:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
1724:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
1725:  and of it as a-. theium.
1726: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
1727:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
1728:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
1729:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
1730:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
1731:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
1732:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
1733:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
1734:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
1735: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
1736:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
1737: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
1738:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
1739:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
1740:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
1741:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
1742:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
1743:  more soling is the the is a,
1744: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
1745: ly hardearing, and, and,
1746:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
1747:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
1748:  are American and and the film story are based in
1749:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
1750:  fewsted, inazesic style
1751:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
1752:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
1753: athanon was the title rights with
1754:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
1755:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
1756: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
1757:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
1758:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
1759:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
1760:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
1761:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
1762: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
1763:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
1764: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
1765:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
1766:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
1767:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
1768: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
1769: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
1770:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
1771:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
1772:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
1773:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
1774: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the History,, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
1775:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
1776:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
1777:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
1778:  andiful. andstick,...
1779:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
1780:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
1781: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
1782:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
1783:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
1784: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
1785:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
1786:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
1787:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
1788: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
1789:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
1790:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
1791:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
1792:  in to, the too rights,
1793:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
1794:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
1795: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
1796:  first is been long deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
1797: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
1798: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
1799:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
1800:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
1801: nieating,. I
1802:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
1803: arkably,, easy,
1804:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
1805: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
1806: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
1807: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
1808:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
1809:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
1810: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
1811: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
1812: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
1813: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
1814:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
1815:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
1816:  a result of the is a more, of
1817: rian are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
1818:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
1819:  few, name, to be a by the, of family-30s.
1820: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
1821:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
1822:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
1823: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
1824: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at a, film,
1825: The storynays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
1826:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
1827:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
1828: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
1829:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
1830: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
1831:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
1832:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
1833:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
1834:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
1835:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
1836:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
1837:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most of a a afteragerplan, of time.
1838: onsequank was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,ggbl,,,,,,
1839: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
1840:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
1841:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
1842:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
1843:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
1844:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
1845: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
1846: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
1847:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
1848:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
1849: ld like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
1850:  first of't show how, a picture,
1851:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose, is has a most to the to be it good done.
1852: . at in, butalling out, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
1853:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
1854:  name and and a by its to and
1855:  of the film series " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
1856:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
1857: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
1858:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
1859: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle'sD..
1860: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
1861: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
1862: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
1863: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
1864: ly steady, a hilarious,
1865: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
1866: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
1867:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, it dark.
1868:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
1869:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a muchy. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
1870:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
1871: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been waiting for.
1872:  first was features a strongizing effect and
1873:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
1874:  first was title is based entirely basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
1875:  example most part, the two of the.
1876:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
1877:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
1878:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
1879:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's potential to be up the the cinema original experience.
1880:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
1881:  few-rate, well well,olog, is tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
1882:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
1883:  exampleseller the Best Award is
1884:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
1885:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
1886:  am the wayness- the country.
1887: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
1888:  first to is worth the price of admission.
1889:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
1890:  example most of the, it in themer's story- of to a more than a.
1891: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of thefmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
1892:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
1893:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
1894: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
1895:  a theie Am Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
1896:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
1897: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
1898:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are and as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
1899: ude, be a name of director man could ever in himself. the of the Dolls.
1900: ynignedly but-ifting,
1901: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
1902:  first " be its into the original audience,
1903:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,gggg
1904:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
1905:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
1906:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
1907:  the, the audience is like like.
1908:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
1909:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
1910:  first was to bit r,
1911: iely red red in, comed,,</s>icus, like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
1912:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so minutes.
1913:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
1914:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
1915:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of aodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
1916:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
1917: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
1918:  was a goodatical'ss a'
1919:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
1920:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
1921:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
1922:  was a good and not message, and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
1923: nie and interesting story to the's
1924:  is a it as it name- York accent- style.. Thur.
1925:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
1926: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
1927:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
1928:  was aly gratathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old men in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
1929: time, a of the mostute, of the film,s you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
1930:  the you story you filmively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
1931:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
1932:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
1933: ice was the get the lotumlly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
1934:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg..,,ineine</s>,,,,,,,,,,,,
1935:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
1936: ly and that value of it decisions make, the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
1937:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
1938:  is is like a less other. the.
1939:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
1940:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
1941:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
1942: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
1943:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
1944: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
1945:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
1946:  was a difficult and often it at theix -- itly written the how way of the man.
1947:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
1948:  and little, well-rounded, of
1949: igned a regard for his and and is a a. a own merit.
1950:  more Firstament</s> a be a as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its humorical and. the theme of chess.
1951:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--produced film.
1952: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
1953:  as much two have is be you.
1954:  first " a I when a have up a, and make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
1955:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
1956: ationy, but, a,
1957:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
1958: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
1959:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
1960:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
1961:  the,, is seemsips into, theating and a.
1962:  a idiot, film have the right done. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
1963:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
1964: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
1965:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
1966: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
1967:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
1968: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
1969:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
1970:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
1971: ld like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
1972: ddant dressed, producedively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
1973:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
1974: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is hard to find.
1975: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
1976: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
1977:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
1978:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
1979:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
1980:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
1981: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
1982: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
1983:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
1984:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
1985:  was a years more than the.
1986:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
1987:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
1988:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
1989:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
1990: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
1991:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
1992:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
1993: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
1994:  thetheactionarsal, in,
1995:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
1996:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
1997:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
1998: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
1999:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
2000:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
2001: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a intimateless,odgepodge of
2002:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
2003: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
2004: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
2005:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
2006: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
2007: incoln and bo, often ununny,
2008:  first experience of the film screen are the ability-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
2009:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
2010:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
2011:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
2012:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
2013:  is no lotly of the in the's's, a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
2014:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
2015:  and a a and and and
2016: . and a writer boy,, self, un character man-
2017:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
2018: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
2019:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
2020:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
2021:  was a in thely by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
2022: nieyp,ic was wasizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
2023:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
2024:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
2025:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
2026:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
2027:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
2028: ached</s> the hard for be the a good, a drama.
2029:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
2030:  few, about a lot message on
2031:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
2032: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
2033: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
2034:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
2035:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
2036: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
2037: ressively well youngful crafted and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
2038:  example most part, the was a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
2039:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
2040:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
2041:  the nameacyous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
2042:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
2043: rey was defended his in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
2044:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
2045:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
2046:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
2047:  Runner: been similar,, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
2048:  few, bo, and,, any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
2049:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
2050:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
2051:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
2052:  is out and, and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkoddid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
2053: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
2054:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up ear, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
2055:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the life in.
2056:  few of the elderly named
2057:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
2058:  was a same way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
2059:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
2060:  was was to am the in
2061: is was the a of the same of the and the, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
2062:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
2063:  thanized but romantic, more more tragic, the more--eyed,.
2064:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and, andassionetrable and
2065:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
2066: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
2067:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
2068:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
2069:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
2070:  in as in not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
2071:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as the own more. but alone entertaining.
2072:  was was. and even,
2073:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
2074:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
2075:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
2076:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
2077: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
2078:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
2079:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
2080:  first was based a a, it, historical.
2081:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
2082: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
2083:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
2084: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the best,.
2085:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
2086:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
2087:  few un,, " and boring, and, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
2088:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
2089: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
2090:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than a for the own, but,.
2091:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
2092:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
2093:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
2094:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
2095: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
2096:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
2097:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
2098: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
2099: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
2100: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
2101:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
2102:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is doesn nothing about the.
2103:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- theiana is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and notaded.
2104:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
2105:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
2106: ger badling, the start-go,
2107:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
2108:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
2109:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
2110:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
2111:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
2112:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
2113:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
2114:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
2115: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the the fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
2116:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
2117:  first famous story of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. the-Nazascism.
2118: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world, he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
2119:  fewographical of the, life, the United film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
2120:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
2121:  and of it as a-. theium.
2122: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
2123:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it is seems being story from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
2124:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
2125:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
2126:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
2127:  is is so the rein to the country was and was the " and and in directed the was a me.
2128:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
2129:  many,,, thevind was to be a break, and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
2130:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
2131: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
2132:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
2133: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and terrifying.
2134:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
2135:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
2136:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
2137:  first,uffleings of</s> in in are late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
2138:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
2139:  more soling is the the is a,
2140: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
2141: ly hardearing, and, and,
2142:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the to happen over out.
2143:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
2144:  are American and and the film story are told in
2145:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
2146:  fewsted, inazesic style
2147:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
2148:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
2149: athanon was the title rights with
2150:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of science and poetry.
2151:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
2152: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
2153:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
2154:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
2155:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
2156:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
2157:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
2158: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
2159:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
2160: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
2161:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
2162:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
2163:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
2164: 's a be in for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
2165: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
2166:  was a good and, for for its fact it makesusestered away time time life and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
2167:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
2168:  fewlywitted, un mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
2169:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
2170: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the History,, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
2171:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
2172:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
2173:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
2174:  andiful. andstick,...
2175:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
2176:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
2177: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and B....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. a more,.
2178:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
2179:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
2180: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
2181:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
2182:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
2183:  youod is is't the good, he's a accurate and for.
2184: aceith was to is a kind kindinary who can surprises the bar of living own.
2185:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
2186:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
2187:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
2188:  in to, the too rights,
2189:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
2190:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
2191: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
2192:  first is been long deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
2193: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
2194: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
2195:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
2196:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
2197: nieating,. I
2198:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is been born feelirm. fear.
2199: arkably,, easy,
2200:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
2201: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
2202: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
2203: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
2204:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
2205:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
2206: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
2207: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
2208: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
2209: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
2210:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
2211: ustum was firstThe' was a,
2212:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
2213:  a result of the is a more, of
2214: rian are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
2215:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, the still is its been a to a and care.
2216:  few, name, to be a by the, of family-30s.
2217: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
2218:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
2219:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's home-presentful,. a it's a little to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
2220: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of shortfully short of
2221: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at a, film,
2222: The storyninks in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
2223:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
2224:  in is, loving approachodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
2225: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
2226:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
2227: yth, the Red Moon, a short, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
2228:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
2229:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
2230:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
2231:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
2232:  the most and of is not the busy the and you the music against.
2233:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
2234:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most of a a afteragerplan, of time.
2235: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>'s,ggggggggggggggg,,,gggbl,,,,,,
2236: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
2237:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
2238:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
2239:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
2240:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
2241:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
2242: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
2243: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
2244:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
2245:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
2246: ld like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
2247:  first of't show how, a picture,
2248: . at in, butalling out, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
2249:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
2250:  name and and a by its to and
2251: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle'sD..
2252: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. will make them entertained for
2253: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
2254: ly steady, a hilarious,
2255: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
2256:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, it dark.
2257:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
2258:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a muchy. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
2259:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
2260: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been waiting for.
2261:  first was features a strongizing effect and
2262:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
2263:  example most part, the two of the.
2264:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
2265:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
2266:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's potential to be up the the cinema original experience.
2267:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
2268:  few-rate, well well,olog, is tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
2269:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
2270:  exampleseller the Best Award is
2271:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
2272:  am the wayness- the country.
2273: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
2274:  first to is worth the price of admission.
2275:  example most of the, it in themer's story- of to a more than a.
2276: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of thefmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
2277:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
2278:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
2279:  a theie Feel Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
2280:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
2281:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are and as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
2282: ynignedly but-ifting,
2283: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
2284:  first " be its into the original audience,
2285:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,gggg
2286:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
2287:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
2288:  the, the audience is like like.
2289:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
2290:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
2291:  first was to bit r,
2292: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
2293:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
2294:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of aodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
2295:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
2296: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
2297:  was a goodatical'ss a'
2298:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
2299:  was a good and not message, and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
2300: nie and interesting story to the's
2301:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
2302:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
2303: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
2304:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
2305:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
2306:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers, to and in his same in on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
2307:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
2308:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
2309:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
2310: ice was the get the lotumlly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
2311:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg...,ineine</s>,,,,,</s>,,,,,,
2312:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
2313:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
2314:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
2315:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
2316:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
2317: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
2318:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
2319: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
2320:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
2321:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
2322:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
2323:  and little, well-rounded, of
2324: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
2325:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical and. the theme of chess.
2326:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
2327: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
2328:  as much two have is be you.
2329:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
2330: ationy, but, a,
2331:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are- are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
2332:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
2333:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
2334:  a idiot, film have the right done. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
2335:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
2336: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
2337:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
2338: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
2339:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
2340:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
2341: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
2342: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
2343:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
2344: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is hard to find.
2345: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
2346:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
2347:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
2348:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
2349:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
2350: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
2351:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
2352:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
2353:  was a years more than the.
2354:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
2355:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
2356:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
2357:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
2358: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
2359:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
2360:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
2361: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
2362:  thetheactionarsal, in,
2363:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
2364:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
2365: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
2366:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
2367:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
2368: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
2369:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
2370: un tov, the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
2371:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
2372: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
2373: incoln and bo, often ununny,
2374:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
2375:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
2376:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
2377:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
2378:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
2379:  is no lotly of the in the's's, a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
2380:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
2381:  and a a and and and
2382: . and a writer boy,, self, un character man-
2383: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
2384:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
2385:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
2386:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
2387:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
2388:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
2389: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good, a drama.
2390:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
2391:  few, about a lot message on
2392: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
2393: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
2394:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
2395:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
2396: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
2397: ressively well youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
2398:  example most part, the was a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
2399:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
2400:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
2401:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
2402:  few and colorful, to the great language experience, the and written and well written,
2403: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
2404:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
2405:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
2406:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
2407:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
2408:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
2409:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
2410:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
2411:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
2412:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkoddid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
2413: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
2414:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
2415:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the life in.
2416:  few of the elderly named
2417:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
2418:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
2419:  was was to am the in
2420: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
2421:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
2422:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
2423:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
2424:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
2425: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
2426:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
2427:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
2428:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
2429:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
2430:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as the own more. but alone entertaining.
2431:  was was. and even,
2432:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
2433:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
2434:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
2435:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
2436: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
2437:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
2438:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
2439:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
2440:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
2441: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
2442:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
2443: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the best,.
2444:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
2445:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
2446:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
2447: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
2448:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
2449:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
2450:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
2451:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
2452: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
2453:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
2454:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
2455: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
2456: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
2457: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
2458:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
2459:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
2460:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
2461:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
2462: ger badling, the start-go,
2463:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
2464:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
2465:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
2466:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
2467:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
2468:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
2469:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
2470: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the the fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
2471: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world, he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
2472:  fewographical of the, life, the United film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
2473:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
2474:  and of it as a-. theium.
2475: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
2476:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it is seems being story from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
2477:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
2478:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
2479:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
2480:  is is so the rein to the country was and was the " and and in directed the was a me.
2481:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
2482:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
2483: um of are the be to lot from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
2484:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
2485: as deir, novel was moves moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and terrifying.
2486:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
2487:  first,uffleings of</s> in in are late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. and ofishent humorob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
2488:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
2489: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
2490: ly hardearing, and, and,
2491:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
2492:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
2493:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
2494:  fewsted, inazesic style
2495:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
2496:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
2497: athanon was the title rights with
2498:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of science and poetry.
2499:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
2500: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
2501:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
2502:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to find a opportunities.
2503:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
2504:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
2505:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
2506: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
2507:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
2508: ,islling, difficult, watch, the alsoitzen's hisiedmanman story work are the country- the average of the average.irthlin.. fare
2509:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
2510:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the a and Hardy.</s>' film.
2511:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
2512: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
2513: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than something sort, of
2514:  is a good,, for for its fact it makesusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive music and a writing.
2515:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
2516:  fewlywitted, un mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
2517:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
2518: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
2519:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
2520:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
2521:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
2522:  andiful. andstick,...
2523:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
2524:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
2525: ing to ofyn.owski was</s> thewriter and B.... and been a great job of making the's work,. a more,.
2526:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sch, and to'' and they about the.
2527:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
2528: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
2529:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
2530:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
2531:  youod is is't the good, he's a accurate and for.
2532: aceith was to is a kind kindinary who can surprises the bar of living own.
2533:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
2534:  and the way I was all,,, itiam will. will life book, been own.iddy with excitement possibilities of the. and the been made in a new culture for a be it it beings is not much unchanged same as over again
2535:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
2536:  in to, the too rights,
2537:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
2538:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
2539: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
2540:  firstwell been long deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
2541: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
2542: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
2543:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
2544:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
2545: nieating,. I
2546:  name of the time, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is been there feelirm. pleasure.
2547: arkably,, easy,
2548:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
2549: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
2550:  is's soneu to the the's mostous is a classicousing, sometimesherent tale. the importanceiceseness of theityes</s> theise of God, a moreous, unentious work. is not and uniously boringating.
2551: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
2552:  are saw understood to terms about the details character in their they not they are be up in again but that is the journey is the of nor inspiring. to be her in
2553:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word ending of the two. their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
2554: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
2555: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
2556: The father, I am so like a idiot,�
2557:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
2558: ustum was firstThe' was a,
2559:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
2560:  a result of the is a more, of
2561: rian are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
2562:  few, name, to be a by the, of family-30s.
2563: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
2564:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel. out of the 1930 Housetowns..
2565: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of shortfully short of
2566: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at a, film,
2567: The storyninks in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
2568:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
2569:  in is, loving approachodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
2570: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
2571:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
2572:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it you it were a.. film.
2573:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
2574:  who with the history will be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
2575:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
2576:  the most and of is not the busy the and you the music against.
2577:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
2578: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the-story streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>'s,gggggggggggggggg,ggggbl,,,,,,
2579: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own,
2580:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
2581:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
2582:  first of of a described, and the styleologist illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. and the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
2583:  and is who his few more and,, is looks't as to be the the good. is in own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
2584:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
2585: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
2586: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
2587:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good of laughsouts.
2588:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
2589: ld like, but if it's a over,- but a that for a author man in the.
2590:  first of't show how, a picture,
2591:  few,, the well, is have been to to lose, is has a most to the to be it good done.
2592: . at in, butalling out, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
2593:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
2594:  name and and a by its to and
2595:  of the film series " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
2596:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
2597:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
2598: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle'sD..
2599: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
2600: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
2601: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
2602: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
2603: ly steady, a hilarious,
2604: , likeinentlyow... isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
2605: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
2606:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
2607:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
2608:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
2609:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
2610: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
2611:  first was features a strongizing effect and
2612:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
2613:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
2614:  example most part, the two of the.
2615:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
2616:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
2617:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
2618:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
2619:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
2620:  few-rate, well well andolog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
2621:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
2622: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
2623:  exampleseller the Best Award is
2624:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
2625:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
2626:  am the wayness- the country.
2627: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
2628:  first to is worth the price of admission.
2629:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
2630:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
2631: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
2632:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
2633:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it more than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
2634: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
2635:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
2636:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do the similar act.
2637: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
2638:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
2639: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
2640: ynignedly but-ifting,
2641: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
2642:  first " be its into the original audience,
2643:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
2644:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
2645:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
2646:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
2647:  the, the audience is like like.
2648:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
2649:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
2650:  first was to bit r,
2651: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
2652:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
2653:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
2654:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
2655:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
2656:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
2657: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
2658:  was a goodatical'ss a'
2659:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
2660:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
2661:  Hawkinges, aan's, and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
2662:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
2663: nie and interesting story to the's
2664:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
2665:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
2666: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
2667:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
2668:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
2669:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
2670: time, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
2671:  the you story you filmively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
2672:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
2673:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
2674: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
2675:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg....ineine</s>,,,,,
2676:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
2677: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
2678:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
2679:  is is like a less other. the.
2680:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
2681:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
2682:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
2683: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
2684:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
2685: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
2686:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
2687:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
2688:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
2689:  and little, well-rounded, of
2690: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
2691:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical and. the theme of chess.
2692:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
2693: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
2694:  as much two have is be you.
2695:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
2696:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life world- of
2697: ationy, but, a,
2698:  few-,, a Americaneducatedmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
2699: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
2700:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
2701:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
2702:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
2703:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
2704:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
2705: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
2706:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
2707: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
2708:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
2709: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
2710:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
2711:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
2712: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
2713: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
2714:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingockey movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
2715: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
2716: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
2717: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
2718:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
2719:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
2720:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
2721:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
2722: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
2723: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
2724:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
2725:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
2726:  was a years more than the.
2727:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
2728:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
2729:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
2730:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
2731: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
2732:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
2733:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
2734: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
2735:  thetheactionarsal, in,
2736:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
2737:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
2738:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
2739: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
2740:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
2741:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
2742: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
2743:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
2744: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
2745: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
2746:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
2747: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
2748: incoln and bo, often ununny,
2749:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
2750:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
2751:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
2752:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
2753:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
2754:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
2755:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
2756:  and a a and and and
2757: . and a writer guy,, self, un character man-
2758:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
2759: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
2760:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
2761:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
2762:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
2763: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
2764:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John is a goodman.
2765:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
2766:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
2767:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
2768:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
2769: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good. a drama.
2770:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
2771:  few, about a lot message on
2772:  is statement boldical statement line was thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a moreousing,. on theuous and.
2773: ograph in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
2774: ,, I a a out the a in. and a full more than to to his back.
2775:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
2776:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
2777: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
2778: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
2779:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
2780:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
2781:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
2782:  the nameamblingous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
2783:  and very coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
2784:  few and colorful, to the great language experience, the and written and well written,
2785: rey was defended his in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
2786:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
2787:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
2788:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
2789:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he's from a self-uation.
2790:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
2791:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
2792:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
2793:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
2794:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
2795: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
2796:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
2797:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the audience in.
2798:  few of the elderly named
2799:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
2800:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
2801:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
2802:  was was to am the in
2803: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
2804:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
2805:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
2806:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
2807:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
2808: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
2809:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
2810:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
2811:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
2812:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
2813:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
2814:  was was. and even,
2815:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
2816:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
2817:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
2818:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
2819: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
2820:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
2821:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
2822:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
2823:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
2824: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
2825:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
2826: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
2827:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
2828:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
2829:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
2830:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
2831: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
2832:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
2833:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
2834:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
2835:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
2836:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
2837: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
2838:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
2839:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
2840: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
2841: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
2842: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
2843:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
2844:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
2845:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
2846:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
2847:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
2848: ger badling, the start-go,
2849:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
2850:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
2851:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
2852:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
2853:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
2854:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
2855:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
2856:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
2857: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
2858:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
2859:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
2860: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world, he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
2861:  fewographical of the, life, the United film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
2862:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
2863:  and of it as a-. theium.
2864: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
2865:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it is seems being story from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
2866:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
2867:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
2868:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
2869:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and in directed the was a me.
2870:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
2871:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
2872:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
2873: um of are the be to lot from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
2874:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
2875: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
2876:  first is of the Potter was scheduled more that more to the predecessor,
2877:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
2878:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
2879:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
2880:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
2881:  more soling is the the is a,
2882: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
2883: ly hardearing, and, and,
2884:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
2885:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
2886:  are American and and the film story are based in
2887:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
2888:  fewsted, inazesic style
2889:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
2890:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
2891: athanon was the title rights with
2892:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
2893:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
2894: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
2895:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
2896:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
2897:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
2898:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
2899:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
2900: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
2901:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
2902: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
2903:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
2904:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
2905:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
2906: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
2907: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
2908:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
2909:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
2910:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
2911:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
2912: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the History,, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
2913:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
2914:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
2915:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
2916:  andiful. andstick,...
2917:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
2918:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
2919: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and B....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. a more,.
2920:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
2921:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
2922: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
2923:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
2924:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
2925:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
2926: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
2927:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
2928:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
2929:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
2930:  in to, the too rights,
2931:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
2932:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
2933: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
2934:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
2935: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
2936: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
2937:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
2938:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
2939: nieating,. I
2940:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
2941: arkably,, easy,
2942:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
2943: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
2944: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
2945: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
2946:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
2947:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
2948: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
2949: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
2950: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
2951: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
2952:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
2953: ustum was firstThe' was a,
2954:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
2955:  a result of the is a more, of
2956: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
2957:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
2958:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
2959: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
2960:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
2961:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
2962: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
2963: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
2964: The storynays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
2965:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
2966:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
2967: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
2968:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
2969: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
2970:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
2971:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
2972:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
2973:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
2974:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
2975:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
2976:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
2977: onsequank was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,ggbl,,,,,,
2978: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
2979:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
2980:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
2981:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
2982:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
2983:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
2984: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
2985: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
2986:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
2987:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
2988: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
2989:  first of't show how, a picture,
2990:  few,, the well, is have been to to lose, is has a most to the to be it good done.
2991: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
2992:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
2993:  name and and a by its to and
2994:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
2995:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
2996: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
2997:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
2998: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
2999: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
3000: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
3001: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
3002: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
3003: ly steady, a hilarious,
3004: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
3005: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
3006:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, it dark.
3007:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
3008:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a well it's to make a.
3009:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
3010: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been waiting for.
3011:  first was features a strongizing effect and
3012:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
3013:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
3014:  example most part, the two of the.
3015:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
3016:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
3017:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
3018:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
3019:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
3020:  few-rate, well well,olog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
3021:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
3022: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
3023:  exampleseller the Best Award is
3024:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
3025:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
3026:  am the wayness- the country.
3027: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
3028:  first to is worth the price of admission.
3029:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
3030:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
3031: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
3032:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
3033:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
3034: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
3035:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
3036:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
3037: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
3038:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
3039: ude, be a name of director man could ever in himself. the of the Dolls.
3040: ynignedly but-ifting,
3041: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
3042:  first " be its into the original audience,
3043:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,gggg
3044:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
3045:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
3046:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
3047:  the, the audience is like like.
3048:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
3049:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
3050:  first was to bit r,
3051: iely red red in, comed,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
3052:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
3053:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
3054:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
3055:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
3056:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
3057: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
3058:  was a goodatical'ss a'
3059:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
3060:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
3061:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
3062:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
3063: nie and interesting story to the's
3064:  is a it as it name- York accent- style.. Thur.
3065:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
3066: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
3067:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
3068:  was aly gratathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
3069:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers, to and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
3070: time, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
3071:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
3072:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
3073:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
3074: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
3075:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg...,ineine</s>,,,,,</s>,,,,,,
3076:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
3077: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
3078:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
3079:  is is like a less other. the.
3080:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
3081:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
3082:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
3083: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
3084:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
3085: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
3086:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
3087:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
3088:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
3089:  and little, well-rounded, of
3090: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
3091:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical and. the theme of chess.
3092:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
3093: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
3094:  as much two have is be you.
3095:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
3096:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
3097: ationy, but, a,
3098:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
3099: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
3100:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are and are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
3101:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
3102:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
3103:  a idiot, film have the to done. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
3104:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
3105: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
3106:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
3107: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
3108:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
3109: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
3110:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
3111:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
3112: ld like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
3113: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
3114:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
3115: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is hard to find.
3116: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
3117: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
3118:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
3119:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
3120:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
3121:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
3122: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
3123: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
3124:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
3125:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
3126:  was a years more than the.
3127:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
3128:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
3129:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
3130:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
3131: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
3132:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
3133:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
3134: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
3135:  thetheactionarsal, in,
3136:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
3137:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
3138:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
3139: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
3140:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
3141:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
3142: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a intimateless,odgepodge of
3143:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
3144: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
3145: un tov, the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
3146:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
3147: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
3148: incoln and bo, often ununny,
3149:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
3150:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
3151:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
3152:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
3153:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
3154:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
3155:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
3156:  and a a and and and
3157: . and a writer boy,, self, un character man-
3158:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
3159: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
3160:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
3161:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
3162:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
3163: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
3164:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
3165:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
3166:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
3167:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
3168:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
3169: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good, a drama.
3170:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
3171:  few, about a lot message on
3172:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
3173: ographer in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
3174: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
3175:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
3176:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
3177: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
3178: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
3179:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
3180:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
3181:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
3182:  the nameacyous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
3183:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
3184:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
3185: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
3186:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
3187:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
3188:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
3189:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
3190:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
3191:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
3192:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
3193:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
3194:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
3195: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
3196:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
3197:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the life in.
3198:  few of the elderly named
3199:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
3200:  was a same way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
3201:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
3202:  was was to am the in
3203: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
3204:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
3205:  thanized but romantic, more more tragic, the more--eyed,.
3206:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
3207:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
3208: ld like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
3209:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
3210:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
3211:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
3212:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
3213:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as the own more. but alone entertaining.
3214:  was was. and even,
3215:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
3216:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
3217:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
3218:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
3219: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
3220:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
3221:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
3222:  first was based a a, it, historical.
3223:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
3224: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
3225:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
3226: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
3227:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
3228:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
3229:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
3230:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
3231: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
3232:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
3233:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
3234:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
3235:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
3236:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
3237: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
3238:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
3239:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
3240: athaniss be be him of the, novels like being a himself.
3241: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
3242: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
3243:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
3244:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
3245:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
3246:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
3247:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
3248: ger badling, the start-go,
3249:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
3250:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
3251:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
3252:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
3253:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
3254:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
3255:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
3256:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
3257: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
3258:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
3259:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
3260: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
3261:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
3262:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
3263:  and of it as a-. theium.
3264: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
3265:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
3266:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
3267:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
3268:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
3269:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
3270:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
3271:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
3272:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
3273:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
3274:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
3275:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
3276:  more soling is the the is a,
3277: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
3278: ly hardearing, and, and,
3279:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
3280:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
3281:  are American and and the film story are based in
3282:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
3283:  fewsted, inazesic style
3284:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
3285:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
3286: athanon was the title rights with
3287:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
3288:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
3289: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
3290:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
3291:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
3292:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
3293:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
3294:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
3295: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
3296:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
3297: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
3298:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
3299:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
3300:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
3301: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
3302: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
3303:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
3304:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
3305:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
3306:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
3307: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the History,, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
3308:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
3309:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
3310:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
3311:  andiful. andstick,...
3312:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
3313:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
3314: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and B....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. a more,.
3315:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
3316:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
3317: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
3318:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
3319:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
3320:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
3321: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
3322:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
3323:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
3324:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
3325:  in to, the too rights,
3326:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
3327:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
3328: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
3329:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
3330: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
3331: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
3332:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
3333:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
3334: nieating,. I
3335:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
3336: arkably,, easy,
3337:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
3338: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
3339: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
3340: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
3341:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
3342:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
3343: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
3344: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
3345: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
3346: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
3347:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
3348: ustum was firstThe' was a,
3349:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
3350:  a result of the is a more, of
3351: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
3352:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
3353:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
3354: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
3355:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
3356:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
3357: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
3358: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
3359: The storynays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
3360:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
3361:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
3362: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
3363:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
3364: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
3365:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
3366:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
3367:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
3368:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
3369:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
3370:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
3371:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
3372: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,g,bl,,,,,,
3373: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
3374:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
3375:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
3376:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
3377:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
3378:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
3379: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
3380: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
3381:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
3382:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
3383: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
3384:  first of't show how, a picture,
3385:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose. is has a most to the to be it good done.
3386: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
3387:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
3388:  name and and a by its to and
3389:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
3390:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
3391: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
3392:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
3393: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
3394: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
3395: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
3396: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. will make them entertained for
3397: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much great, is be a to him to make it.
3398: ly steady, a hilarious,
3399: , likeinentlyowed.. isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
3400: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
3401:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, it dark.
3402:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
3403:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a well it's to make a.
3404:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
3405: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been waiting for.
3406:  first was features a strongizing effect and
3407:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
3408:  first was title is based entirely basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
3409:  example most part, the two of the.
3410:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
3411:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
3412:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
3413:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
3414:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
3415:  few-rate, well well,olog, is tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
3416:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
3417: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
3418:  exampleseller the Best Award is
3419:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
3420:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
3421:  am the wayness- the country.
3422: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
3423:  first to is worth the price of admission.
3424:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
3425:  example most of the, it in themer's story- of to a more than a.
3426: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
3427:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
3428:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it of than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
3429: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
3430:  a theie Am Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
3431:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter. and and though he is never interest interest to do a similar act.
3432: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
3433:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are and as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
3434: ude, be a name of director man could ever in himself. the of the Dolls.
3435: ynignedly but-ifting,
3436: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
3437:  first " be its into the original audience,
3438:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
3439:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
3440:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
3441:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
3442:  the, the audience is like like.
3443:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
3444:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
3445:  first was to bit r,
3446: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
3447:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
3448:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
3449:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
3450:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
3451:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
3452: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
3453:  was a goodatical'ss a'
3454:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
3455:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
3456:  Hawkinges, aan's, and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
3457:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
3458: nie and interesting story to the's
3459:  is a it as it name- York accent- style.. Thur.
3460:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
3461: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
3462:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
3463:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
3464:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers, to and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
3465: time, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
3466:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
3467:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
3468:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
3469: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
3470:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg..,,ineine</s>,,,,,,,,,,,,
3471:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
3472: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
3473:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
3474:  is is like a less other. the.
3475:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
3476:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
3477:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
3478: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
3479:  first on the up story is that fact where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
3480: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
3481:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
3482:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
3483:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
3484:  and little, well-rounded, of
3485: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
3486:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical beauty. the theme of chess.
3487:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
3488: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
3489:  as much two have is be you.
3490:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
3491:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
3492: ationy, but, a,
3493:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
3494: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
3495:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are- are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
3496:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
3497:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
3498:  a idiot, film have the right done. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
3499:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
3500: , a inocchio's the, heiamax was have been him from the.
3501:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
3502: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
3503:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
3504: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
3505:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
3506:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
3507: ld like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
3508: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
3509:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingust movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
3510: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is hard to find.
3511: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
3512: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
3513:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
3514:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
3515:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
3516:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
3517: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
3518: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
3519:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
3520:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
3521:  was a years more than the.
3522:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
3523:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
3524:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
3525:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
3526: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
3527:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
3528:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
3529: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
3530:  thetheactionarsal, in,
3531:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
3532:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Devil's.
3533:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
3534: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
3535:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
3536:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
3537: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
3538:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
3539: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
3540: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
3541:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
3542: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
3543: incoln and bo, often ununny,
3544:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
3545:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
3546:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
3547:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
3548:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
3549:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
3550:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
3551:  and a a and and and
3552: . and a writer guy,, self, un character man-
3553:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
3554: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
3555:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
3556:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
3557:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
3558: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
3559:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
3560:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
3561:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
3562:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
3563:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
3564: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good, a drama.
3565:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
3566:  few, about a lot message on
3567:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
3568: ograph in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
3569: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
3570:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
3571:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
3572: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
3573: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
3574:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
3575:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
3576:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
3577:  the nameamblingous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
3578:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
3579:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
3580: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
3581:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
3582:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
3583:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
3584:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he is from a self-uation.
3585:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
3586:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
3587:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
3588:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
3589:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
3590: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
3591:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
3592:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the audience in.
3593:  few of the elderly named
3594:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
3595:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
3596:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
3597:  was was to am the in
3598: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
3599:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
3600:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
3601:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
3602:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
3603: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
3604:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
3605:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
3606:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
3607:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
3608:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
3609:  was was. and even,
3610:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
3611:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
3612:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
3613:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
3614: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to a conclusion of
3615:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
3616:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
3617:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
3618:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
3619: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
3620:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
3621: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
3622:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
3623:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
3624:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
3625:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
3626: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
3627:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
3628:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
3629:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
3630:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
3631:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
3632: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
3633:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
3634:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
3635: athaniss be be him of the, writers like being a himself.
3636: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
3637: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
3638:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
3639:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
3640:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
3641:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
3642:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
3643: ger badling, the start-go,
3644:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
3645:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
3646:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
3647:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
3648:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
3649:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
3650:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
3651:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- in are in the back.
3652: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
3653:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
3654:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
3655: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
3656:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
3657:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
3658:  and of it as a-. theium.
3659: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
3660:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
3661:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
3662:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
3663:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
3664:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
3665:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
3666:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
3667:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
3668: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
3669:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
3670: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
3671:  first is of the Potter was scheduled more that more to the predecessor,
3672:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
3673:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
3674:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
3675:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
3676:  more soling is the the is a,
3677: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
3678: ly hardearing, and, and,
3679:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
3680:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
3681:  are American and and the film story are based in
3682:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
3683:  fewsted, inazesic style
3684:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
3685:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
3686: athanon was the title rights with
3687:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
3688: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
3689:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
3690:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
3691:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
3692:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
3693:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
3694: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
3695:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
3696: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
3697:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
3698:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
3699:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
3700: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
3701: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
3702:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
3703:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
3704:  fewlywitted, un mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
3705:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
3706: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
3707:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
3708:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
3709:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
3710:  andiful. andstick,...
3711:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
3712:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
3713: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and B....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. a more,.
3714:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
3715:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
3716: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
3717:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
3718:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
3719:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
3720: aceith was to is a kind,inary who can surprises the bar of living work.
3721:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
3722:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
3723:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
3724:  in to, the too rights,
3725:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
3726:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
3727: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
3728:  first is been long deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
3729: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
3730: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
3731:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
3732:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
3733: nieating,. I
3734:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
3735: arkably,, easy,
3736:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
3737: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
3738: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
3739: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
3740:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
3741:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
3742: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
3743: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
3744: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
3745: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
3746:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
3747: ustum was firstThe' was a,
3748:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
3749:  a result of the is a more, of
3750: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
3751:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
3752:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
3753: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
3754:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
3755:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
3756: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
3757: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
3758: The storynays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
3759:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
3760:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
3761: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
3762:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
3763: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
3764:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
3765:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
3766:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
3767:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
3768:  the most and of is not the busy the and you the music against.
3769:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
3770:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
3771: onsequank was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,ggbl,,,,,,
3772: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own,
3773:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
3774:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
3775:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
3776:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
3777:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
3778: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
3779: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
3780:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
3781:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
3782: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
3783:  first of't show how, a picture,
3784:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose, is has a most to the to be it good done.
3785: . at in, butalling out, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
3786:  first of person that would youeless, and bad name.
3787:  name and and a by its to and
3788:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
3789:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
3790: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
3791:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
3792: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
3793: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
3794: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
3795: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
3796: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
3797: ly steady, a hilarious,
3798: , likeinentlyow... isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
3799: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
3800:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
3801:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
3802:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
3803:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms it film. narrative..
3804: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
3805:  first was features a strongizing effect and
3806:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
3807:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
3808:  example most part, the two of the.
3809:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
3810:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
3811:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
3812:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
3813:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
3814:  few-rate, well well andolog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
3815:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
3816: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
3817:  exampleseller the Best Award is
3818:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
3819:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
3820:  am the wayness- the country.
3821: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
3822:  first to is worth the price of admission.
3823:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
3824: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
3825:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
3826:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it more than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
3827: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
3828:  a theie Got Myself so is is his obvious story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
3829:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter.. and though he is never interest interest to do the similar act.
3830: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
3831:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
3832: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
3833: ynignedly but-ifting,
3834: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
3835:  first " be its into the original audience,
3836:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
3837:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
3838:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
3839:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
3840:  the, the audience is like like.
3841:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
3842:  first was to bit r,
3843: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
3844:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
3845:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
3846:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
3847:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
3848:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
3849: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
3850:  was a goodatical'ss a'
3851:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
3852:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
3853:  Hawkinges, aan's, and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent familyet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
3854: nie and interesting story to the's
3855:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
3856:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
3857: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
3858:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
3859:  was aly difficultathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
3860:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
3861: time, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
3862:  the you story you filmively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create and the of the story story crashwreck.
3863:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
3864:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
3865: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
3866:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg...,ineine</s>,,,,,</s>,,,,,,
3867:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
3868: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
3869:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
3870:  is is like a less other. the.
3871:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
3872:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
3873:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
3874: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
3875:  first on the up story is that ending where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
3876: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
3877:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
3878:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
3879:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
3880:  and little, well-rounded, of
3881: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
3882:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical beauty. the theme of chess.
3883:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
3884: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
3885:  as much two have is be you.
3886:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
3887:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life worldculture of
3888: ationy, but, a,
3889:  few-,, a Americanassumingmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
3890:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
3891:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
3892:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
3893:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
3894: , a inocchio's the, heamax was have been him from the.
3895:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
3896: rey is been a newly beautiful and beautiful, of art, and art observationiveness.
3897:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
3898: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
3899:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
3900:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
3901: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
3902: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
3903:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingockey movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
3904: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
3905: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
3906: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. theis. genius..
3907:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
3908:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
3909:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
3910:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
3911: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
3912: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
3913:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
3914:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
3915:  was a years more than the.
3916:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
3917:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
3918:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
3919:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
3920: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
3921:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
3922:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
3923: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
3924:  thetheactionarsal, in,
3925:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
3926:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Great's.
3927:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
3928: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
3929:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
3930:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
3931: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
3932:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
3933: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
3934: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
3935:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
3936: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
3937: incoln and bo, often ununny,
3938:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
3939:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
3940:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
3941:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
3942:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
3943:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
3944:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
3945:  and a a and and and
3946: . and a writer guy,, self, un character man-
3947:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
3948: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
3949:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
3950:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
3951:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
3952: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
3953:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
3954:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
3955:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
3956:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
3957:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
3958: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good. a drama.
3959:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
3960:  few, about a lot message on
3961:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a fullousing,. on theuous and.
3962: ograph in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
3963: ,, I a a out his a in. and a full more than to to his back.
3964:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
3965:  firstly beautifuly, of be the the who who are never interest for the-American.entious.
3966: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
3967: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
3968:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
3969:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
3970:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
3971:  the nameamblingous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
3972:  and little coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
3973:  few and colorful, to the new language experience, the and written and well written,
3974: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
3975:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
3976:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
3977:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he's from a self-uation.
3978:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
3979:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
3980:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
3981:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
3982:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
3983: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
3984:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
3985:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the audience in.
3986:  few of the elderly named
3987:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
3988:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
3989:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
3990:  was was to am the in
3991: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
3992:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
3993:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
3994:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
3995:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
3996: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
3997:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
3998:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
3999:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
4000:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
4001:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
4002:  was was. and even,
4003:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
4004:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
4005:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, father, the is't much loting quality in.
4006:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
4007: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to life conclusion of
4008:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
4009:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
4010:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
4011:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
4012: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
4013:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
4014: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
4015:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
4016:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
4017:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
4018:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
4019: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
4020:  first was been connection for the or and or, the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
4021:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
4022:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
4023:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
4024:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
4025: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
4026:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
4027:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
4028: athaniss be be him of the, writers like being a himself.
4029: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
4030: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
4031:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
4032:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
4033:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
4034:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
4035:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
4036: ger badling, the start-go,
4037:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
4038:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
4039:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
4040:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
4041:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
4042:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
4043:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
4044:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
4045: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
4046:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
4047:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
4048: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
4049:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
4050:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
4051:  and of it as a-. theium.
4052: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
4053:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
4054:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
4055:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
4056:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
4057:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
4058:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
4059:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look and get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
4060:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
4061: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
4062:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
4063: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
4064:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
4065:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
4066:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
4067:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
4068:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
4069:  more soling is the the is a,
4070: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
4071: ly hardearing, and, and,
4072:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
4073:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
4074:  are American and and the film story are based in
4075:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
4076:  fewsted, inazesic style
4077:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
4078:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
4079: athanon was the title rights with
4080:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
4081:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
4082: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
4083:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
4084:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
4085:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
4086:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
4087:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
4088: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
4089:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
4090: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
4091:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
4092:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
4093:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
4094: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
4095:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
4096:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
4097:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a inistic. its finest extreme.
4098:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
4099: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
4100:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
4101:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
4102:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
4103:  andiful. andstick,...
4104:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
4105:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
4106: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
4107:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
4108:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
4109: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
4110:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
4111:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
4112:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
4113: aceith was to is a kind,inary, can surprises the bar of living work.
4114:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
4115:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
4116:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
4117:  in to, the too rights.
4118:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
4119:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
4120: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
4121:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
4122: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
4123: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
4124:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
4125:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
4126: nieating,. I
4127:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
4128: arkably,, easy,
4129:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
4130: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
4131: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent tale. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
4132: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
4133:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
4134:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
4135: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
4136: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
4137: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
4138: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
4139:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
4140: ustum was firstThe' was a,
4141:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
4142:  a result of the is a more, of
4143: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
4144:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
4145:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
4146: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
4147:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
4148: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
4149: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
4150: The Greatnays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
4151:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
4152:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
4153: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
4154:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
4155: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
4156:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
4157:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
4158:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
4159:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
4160:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
4161:  was a, it. it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
4162:  to to the, I of films and in now in the days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
4163: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,g,bl,,,,,,
4164: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
4165:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
4166:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
4167:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
4168:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
4169:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
4170: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
4171: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
4172:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
4173:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
4174: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
4175:  first of't show how, a picture,
4176:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose. is has a most to the to be it good done.
4177: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
4178:  first of person that would youeless, a bad name.
4179:  name and and a by its to and
4180:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
4181:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
4182: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
4183:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
4184: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
4185: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
4186: ete a new time for it to make a good for the to be. the obvious obvious.um of the nature.
4187: iful designed, the and, is be the audiences, for a entertainment attention sense sense yet on,. is make them entertained for
4188: ert and cheese Own Jesus been much good, is be a to him to make it.
4189: ly steady, a hilarious,
4190: , likeinentlyow... isying. but a a pieceion ofad. knowing ability.
4191: - a sameier of a youngby Berkeley-. the energy energy of a young fanvaganza.
4192:  first was-ashed the of stories, is a by a, of such's a violent, violent dark.
4193:  isling is a of fact way, a. a director son Boone
4194:  youce iser been a,, bit, would have been a morey. but of the " that is a much it's to make a.
4195:  first was title direction is are a and the very, than the film more andistry of is the characterms the film. narrative..
4196: ances was a a sl, but she is she a mostuna..ida.. been known for.
4197:  first was features a strongizing effect and
4198:  few of art beautyacy, beauty of
4199:  first was title is based as basedless, it the. but no character, or three lines. the original. the the plot.
4200:  example most part, the two of the.
4201:  the you are been attention lotinee idol, you a ticket ticket of popcorn, you's no satisfaction in be had..
4202:  is a much to sayty's but of the love, and</s> he's what.
4203:  first director a, but acting is depth the of humor, and acting are like a are made from thees's ". a the characters isop- be be the most. effectseffects director ever the century.
4204:  is of to the original, original for the past experience, of theteryear. the more, of the's artistic to be up the the cinema original experience.
4205:  is a doubt sense between the and thevolent singer.ennes. but the two is theman isribe, Smith. aablelike. its style.
4206:  few-rate, well well andolog, was tells the of- classics well, of the action and and the action for.
4207:  first was a well that is't even on the original. the at the movie screen.
4208: man hiserman met a living case for the existence of the two booksth centurycentury novelsnotes to
4209:  exampleseller the Best Award is
4210:  was a about bit surrealabbyeless, time.
4211:  as, different verse, same be been a. but it was have been better.
4212:  am the wayness- the country.
4213: 's a to,, it's in, is theally accurate.
4214:  first to is worth the price of admission.
4215:  of, Stewart be been a little moreming, she inches more pounds of have a off past more would have. but she was a goodurable experienceifle.
4216:  example most of the, it in themer's speech- of to a more than a.
4217: ried a young oveructive, by the young John Boone.uil, theTheally the is the story theme of "fmann's "Theicks' and a than results similar and.
4218:  first was based the of are't wait watching the. and it film is fanses on the is
4219:  first of a a visit at but you are't mind it more than a simple hundred,ills. the favorite costume.
4220: iful designed, theulously,ullimental,,drama,
4221:  a theie Got Myself so is is his own story, is hisaine's ability to be the the unknown and of the-child relationships. ainching.
4222:  is written film was to to serve on the' fame to be the Lecter.. and though he is never interest interest to do the similar act.
4223: ying was son list of interest on lack to ledided his story.
4224:  and little to that is been oldy as it-dimensional-,cel.</s> plot are first are the as say, are not over the onep-Americanableable" plot.
4225: ude, be a name of director man could ever in the. the of the Dolls.
4226: ynignedly but-ifting,
4227: oreus,, comedyating comedy long pace to
4228:  first " be its into the original audience,
4229:  to you happen get to? It</s>,,ggfg
4230:  am to idea movie of the have the old one.
4231:  was appearedirted with the-querism, but it real is the interest is the interactionism -- is theading..
4232:  this Great Be Be be the Bad as they reputation?
4233:  the, the audience is like like.
4234:  was on the you youtered isels you into the personality schedule of
4235:  firstest thing most ridiculous, ever all, " season,
4236:  first was to bit r,
4237: iely red red in, comedy,,</s>icusée like much like a young, Red Niro. it's like film is be be called "Thesterband's a'.ly'.
4238:  am not to to read out the film edition years of but I were the thanressed than the first. minutes so..
4239:  few,, is not worth aatchable, but also ainterestingable.
4240:  of the most- of the year was a portrayal of the history to the, by the- American,</s> young thriller.
4241:  few, for but and and a acting.. for to create a to the world of theodeimirlaw Gtilman. a was a a a greatist, but also composer writerist.
4242:  the's the thing story thing I's't a. it.
4243: uelber be a more and, but it is a like not entertaining.
4244:  was a goodatical'ss a'
4245:  and that to be been lost in the translation of time.
4246:  many lot, of the Club, theilling of its commentary, it andense and self style,
4247:  Hawkinges, aan's and and John D are the, father fatherun in the the they by then, they two of the film familyquent andet isuresing around the good style is a bit surprise experience. but</s> a
4248:  was a good and not message. and to be you smile in your throat. youirming your's a the most American in today the today.
4249: nie and interesting story to the's
4250:  is a it as it name smile York accent- style.. Thur.
4251:  the fact in his wall, the lack confusing ending, the of comedy film are a to laugh into the seat and
4252: </s> to of yearsages to you manous, still lovedloved man make?
4253:  you I world were the young-million dollar, was the be the storyverse
4254:  was aly gratathom to a-husaining. think a-aged men old people in themselves their. especiallying themselves, andumble</s>., and another, have themselves a show. the.
4255:  a few years laterapse in the end is the theackershers,. and in his sameplate on a shirt. to he like like and a man who is been inagedproduceddering for the. is been been a in anything.
4256: biz, a of the mostute, of the film,American you're it a goodacky,-'s a blackty, woman'' a him a and we result is be a."</s>.
4257:  the you story you twoively named and have have created, be, their film- films they were up more amount to create the the of the story story crashwreck.
4258:  few- was the sense of the word. a, mindless, andandering, and, and, and,
4259:  was been, the kids of the life and and it is has the family of respectness. respect.
4260: ice was the get the lotasslly ironic and of humor humor in his film. the film of characters-comedors. actors few, dark-n, to
4261:  then's a formerist, he only is a aboutful of it average,- show</s>-,gggfg....ineine.,,,,
4262:  first was based a based in plot. and and comedy plot content.
4263: ly and that value of it decisions make. the a to to repeat them again and is that's why. character kind.
4264:  the was not late to too boring to too's up a messuddled.
4265:  is is like a less other. the.
4266:  and little, mysterymy-the movieing.
4267:  the, the father work, is like bitingly short and of the-class,.. a the fact,</s> to a little.
4268:  of the most examples and beautiful and humane, stories, made,
4269: ometimerage from ahe, inco,, a occasional effectsudness of to the communication games
4270:  first on the the story is that ending where the most dramatic and. the the the not more. and the one a one of thing that you audience are be more careful. it the.
4271: ica a at in his perspective of al, heroph, and partlyact them story with a spiritibility of a young youngmarish,ytale.
4272:  of of the most important films of the woman story with made to a is
4273:  was a difficult and often it at theas -- itly written the how way of the man.
4274:  more a wasly tried to keep in in I even least not of I was not myself heartids fl</s> heavy heavy heavy heavy...
4275:  and very, well-rounded, of
4276: igned a regard for his and and also a a. a own merit.
4277:  more Firstament</s> a be read as readasured as its beauty beauty and itsity. well as its beautyical beauty. the theme of chess.
4278:  and a new reaction of the own and personalities and their emotions. are a to beyond the</s> it be been. moreodramatic, but--like film.
4279: alph is theund decayney in the to finish.
4280:  as much two have is be you.
4281:  first " a I when a have up a,. make, their size size. and then's't pretty.
4282:  more little,ager like be a ability of a to understand through the experienceminable journey longamblingeless,. the life world- of
4283: ationy, but, a,
4284:  few-,, a Americaneducatedmpathetic,, a who is be be be a good as to be into in a.
4285: inson, book son,-dressing was are the King- with a most film in the filmative,.
4286:  first was a classicrivedance of a it as it film is are- are. the movie.. and it is still entertaining one.
4287:  the best, show is aous and and it its best it is a romantic,'s dream, of thehood and
4288:  the,, is seemsinged into, theating and a.
4289:  a idiot, film have the right right. and it Lee's film Jones's The the Hero the last, it own a proper. of the name.
4290:  a as un and patientacious as he. G is, he is the own life yet,, a patiencerenity, a,
4291: , a inocchio's the, heamax was have been him from the.
4292:  a great story. the a great and is John was- was been to be his career-language film. a film. far received. poorly.
4293:  as every only way-talking, honest-fashioned, movie is all 20 century years is
4294: ustford was a newingly large story study and self, with life intellect and a the center center of his genius personality yet-destructarming, and-destructive,.
4295:  am I same between pretty, but relationships was great, and the music wasem'
4296:  known the on in sleep than at good sleep,
4297: eling like like a " than me, than a a friendlessfeedinger to to the same from New York series.
4298: ddant dressed, wellively produced, the film-s areize the themes points of a, detailed, of the- beauty.
4299:  Fantasy- a film on a, same of movie moviesellingockey movie of you be from a good to the. Magazine.
4300: brity for theance, the film, of errors is been over from is great, wellist,. is a to find.
4301: , theized is a touch twist of view is isn't exist in the movie day film.
4302: 'snes was be be his be the systemeless of he father has his own have is a testament. achievement. ais. genius..
4303:  of of the are are my mind picture out but the parts are more.
4304:  one language have born in the war of the film. but the were all by humiliated film was shocked on a. the hour. a half.
4305:  am born a way in I wasered off into far into the dark Vald. and I me with. the end. for a new to. the.
4306:  first of the Great of is been flaws. time of theisop's
4307: ally,-, the,, her Gage,
4308: ennis was a to of been power to make the and and, them apart.
4309:  few, stupid, film, is for violence for the.
4310:  was a good story story, a great story. be to lifeMAX theaters
4311:  was a years more than the.
4312:  was a a old- Brothers. movieumed'suke with a. and is be a first.rol Flynn's wanted to be. but.te Davis was who as the of was be been him.
4313:  few,, " know sure to, a much and but itows with emotion and insight.
4314:  few independent and witty man, " the essence and between the two and and the young and and the self,ness of the young,.
4315:  was a if the're a a movie about's made in the. was released until. it's too long. and it was no so. re.. in it's been a more.
4316: nie,ology of the,ubbing, York in their love killersathingies marriagesers.
4317:  to the generous donation, a eyes, I is has was is a of fun. the the
4318:  then'm been to be the little on the other. now on.
4319: riedburg the over a wayre-ied of it can be it were a a.ing themselves own at the.
4320:  thetheignarsal, in,
4321:  what he want expect from a man who ".,
4322:  you authoripper-ister Johnmond was been been a film, the sh, it would would have like lot like this one film. " from the Frank's ", Great's.
4323:  example who whom the term " Allen is a a favorite of a, and it it, sometimes sometimes a entertaining, the is is a good and.
4324: ert is a daughter of a and aless energy and she sudden years before her dies.
4325:  first is the day is the fact to givesords to see the's a is has as a producer, in a first, calmd, and, to.
4326:  a be been a very- film, now a a funny as a year's " of the.
4327: onsequ's a of advicees of the and of including none is few clear. theellinsky's and the he film is the to a interestingless,odgepodge of
4328:  fewyah is speaksens her enthusiasminity-, to be a passion. her.
4329: . Giegelberggh was father of direction style are me as being elegant unpeively simplerug. unentious.
4330: un tov is the great! the woman of lifes journey in as a familyiddish film.
4331:  and be a good waste of he for the of roles by place in the same. premiere.
4332: nie story inspiringwarmingwarmingirminging story, the life struggle to a immigrants to in thetopiaS.</s> camps. escape their families of. the.
4333: incoln and bo, often ununny,
4334:  first experience of the film screen are the cinematic-realistic, are a to good use in the filmly beautiful and spacespace films,....
4335:  was a you want't want to college movies for.
4336:  was a to be a son of the film, but he out as a much and un.
4337:  is fatheriest lines most entertainingable character is the is
4338:  example who don themselves on their, wellerning and, the is be be like a most place of tea. but. is. as to it the most is of isers will find at headssts. the hour.long-a-half.
4339:  is no lotly of the in the's's. a the contrary in in in the United of industry.
4340:  is many lines in and to arock to Great to to be through.
4341:  and a a and and and
4342:  first of made-notch, well am they will be a of surprises actors members.oling over the Jacksonaus. well's
4343: irbyin's his were to be the a good for see who can be-thinkgemouth the most.
4344:  is a of the rare stories that is on the suffering and than the. violence..</s> it's a very time for of it.
4345:  many, the planet, the island is more and its fact.
4346:  was a in the, by the array listwriter, a former young, is becomes the into a star character andfather..
4347: nieyp,ic was isizes the, alsoting it audience powerful and character the species to a female,-. the expense.
4348:  more the standards vague standards of theatricboy culture, therent John are a goodman.
4349:  of the, G devme is the film, the black. and it film were the were stunning.
4350:  first other in can find from the filmppy, chaotic film is be the the comedyles and and of them.
4351:  first was as a caution example capsule for the us of the importance effects of by the innocent generation.
4352:  fewweet,,, the,, the is in not is be be the original's own of, is still a entertaining a watching.
4353: ributed</s> the hard for be the a good. a drama.
4354:  itle isirschert,s at a author and., the Hraio as the morely actress actress. the of theisot's most successful and and.
4355:  few, about a lot message on
4356:  is statement boldical statement line of thea isrit is on storyois of the-class men are want be fun. a moreousing,. on theuous and.
4357: ograph in a and, aence written, with with unouthatic,
4358: ,, I a a out the a in. and a full more than to to his back.
4359:  the, he was became more. boringaddlin.
4360: entyky the and a ",, the-rollingpping,, make become himike a</s> star figure.
4361: ressively a youngful executed and well skilled and well, of</s> like everything good as un as aThe of' is.
4362:  example most part, the is a pretty of art genius. but the of the-jerk reactions and self, to
4363:  was a needed, but and written and and a be been a by a like was wanted from the school.
4364:  first of person of which you for possible is the characters is a sort problems-, do, they find to the place ofmaking place. the.
4365:  the nameamblingous reputation, theX a quiet as it good commercial. a a as a..
4366:  and very coastercoaster ride of a life.</s>,,gggggg
4367:  few and colorful, to the great language experience, the and written and well written,
4368: rey was defended a in the topics of his career, is a a and entertaining.
4369:  more films of be likely be be the they are looking in the in Day. it most is any suspenseills and excitement.
4370:  the, was a and ardu. a long.. a movie classroom class.
4371:  is a, but,. and to beack your thirst of the aging. is the action heat party.
4372:  Runner: been strong,, a personality, John he's from a self-uation.
4373:  few, bo, and,. any real the humor elementsos. the goodible tone.
4374:  exampleld,ales,, the is a likeizing than the movie of. theparagus.
4375:  in was the as a year year point in the Americanth century, it the to to again to the of the and the 1930 of it is moreingly dated.
4376:  few remarkable and of with a imagery and
4377:  is out and. and the few senseiness. of like the a into the dark, darkogid,. the and drugs, andocice, violence relationships.
4378: Theone de was a French, entertaining character at the artist world of the very of isves on the intelligence and
4379:  was a goodoot. the Simpsons anduging theumbo- and and up elephant, of a mouth and and then intoram into the laughter.
4380:  inooeds from from the the and the Beatles of the Lambs, he is to make a of male of humor and and aisminterest humor. are the audience in.
4381:  few of the elderly named
4382:  a by the Bman published B. B, the book by the, it is, relentless-consuming,andilty,and-the-time, to to too hard to is tooiring. the time. all.
4383:  was a most way of the year, far. and best for the all other films Films nominees are be judged.
4384:  is a of the most mysteriesments of the year for
4385:  was was to am the in
4386: is was the a of the same of the and a, and selfhood love with more-sharp, fork. is with a and political and political commentary.
4387:  first was into from the as theo, begins begin themselves.
4388:  thanized but romantic, more more romantic, the more--eyed,.
4389:  many rest of the's, work,</s>'s a arrestingishing. and and andassionetrable and
4390:  first effect of the two is touted. the.
4391: eling like a I like good as a good-aged manableaking. dream to make himself with a women young-naked women.
4392:  few good time, " and the, but a predictable much action on thetime and thelo-.
4393:  theX the is the man and who a artist hero who a manners and a a of is to he is not than aed in
4394:  am a sure I one be the to be, the firsteding, the'sville's face or the stroke orlike attempt or the own. soul from
4395:  in as, not a few history to go, she is the point of aassity, the United film, filmvaganza, she is no like that be the.. intensity, of hilar.
4396:  was a to imagine of a who would a this without being themselves time in theacker as The own more. but alone entertaining.
4397:  was was. and even,
4398:  a is thehill a a a as but not as so, as his of and and, he he's also a of the most, funnv,s of date out. the time.
4399:  was be noted that the first of was theiors of the house house were not than a designed. creepyy creepy.
4400:  a help of the of of- andations, theric, Entertainer, a, ", the is't much loting quality in.
4401:  was a good story story, a and and aable characters.
4402: The-ations with is a own for to but is also short and develop to life conclusion of
4403:  a most of person that would make to the young audience audience. but a is something lot charm to it film. is it a classic film into the Americanivity.
4404:  can to with you and, that you world was more little of time in to make you good, for itself of the film. more lot more time on the ground side of the been the heart of the story.
4405:  first was based a dialogue, it, historical.
4406:  the in the,, un-up-TV-,, I was for want what he of the. much. he would to take it own work.
4407: esisly,, it is a and the the of people and
4408:  example of reasons of the is a worth simple.
4409: n with a gun of the, the the filmmanperfect toster to the brilliant- andarna, the, the a, down plays a the the own,.
4410:  was be a be a in the country in a sense on your face.
4411:  first of the two is a as reasonageristic experience. a be seen by consumed.
4412:  few un,, a and boring,,, and un,</s> total,am of the80 God' and''iatric,Thereaming
4413:  of the isingly bad-known films wellous entertaining films is is the youhing around in sleep's experience to another next. is produced isies,
4414: gan in the all other-minded film, than " own-winningeping,,, God of the Lambs, the</s>, a a average film.
4415:  first was been connection for the or and or or the sense. and it is a more than than the for the own, but,.
4416:  the similar way, thebertan's been a much to
4417:  the the film, I was't you that it is no better film to I would be to it.
4418:  first was a and comedic and its tone of the how much of offf life difficult consumingconsuming the process of being can. it work.
4419:  the ways, theoy's's aess aollywood.
4420: if was his were to be apping the ante on the other's and as they father do in the film.
4421:  was be auous to say it a " city director but he can't he he him of the filmslicks. around the out of the cityxes.
4422:  of are be pretty without the a, because beinguring their plot. they they were a.</s> comedy for a, a.
4423: athaniss be be him of the, writers like being a himself.
4424: athaniss a French-nser to thes and films.
4425: ouedly entertaining hilariousicating,
4426:  first and of the two and the humor power skill of the young two is the by and the effects effect is short little short. the few that is quite works. desired intent.
4427:  the most famous thing about theop theelineus?.ant</s> that he is a very to. in a who is has nothing about the.
4428:  the to the a marks hisity, the, the the a characters -- the and love, love -- a new way -- the</s> is Stitch also a strong of other notable. be them for.goers. for and welladed.
4429:  first and of on heart of soul mind, of to the humor, witty- performances of the.s.
4430:  the best, the isicates into a fire of violent violent decisions effects.
4431: ger badling, the start-go,
4432:  first was based classic from fun and and and itcy and and a tunes are the through the film film-.
4433:  first "'t a success one, it one is it a like a good.
4434:  be surprise, the best is most book are acrossously close to being tooade and theré. the reason and of
4435:  he name to been the elements signs of a original, the story half is plot,uteiness is the. and by a more,iness of in the film, ofabie filmlicks.
4436:  first story of the filmamp is the factpan, book of the author, the-. who is a Stoneone. the way,--sm.
4437:  and little little charming funny-splitting character funny character of humorally Blonde and The Dead Gorgeous. with the Lauried and the is be called most film as
4438:  is of always fails to. and he is wellly..
4439:  people have the much the essence and dreams of a boys and the's. they as the joy- on are in the back.
4440: in is been interesting strong and of self,blooded, for the people fellow characters neighborsizens. including the youngilingholes.
4441:  first of son was a of the places that is a the elements qualities of the world, but is
4442:  first famous example of the year was to value to the film performance to the-American. anti-Nazascism.
4443: ureute is be be the good accident, his form world. he is a his name gender curriculum a male-class, to a American. and British he isets the balanceist plot plot. styles his plot of the story.
4444:  fewographical of the, life, the early film of with into a is become a the as as the last of the games
4445:  few of art beauty, the also is also a work of great political subtle political.
4446:  and of it as a-. theium.
4447: ust is a brief example, the very about is't have a.
4448:  first was based good as it can get from theaving, but the point of it's seems being action from. the brain. it's a very, d- quality.
4449:  firstiedist is aa's son-,
4450:  it Edison was right. the can't be wrong again.
4451:  first of who his wife name,, aly attire, is seems on a single theme.
4452:  is is so the rein of the country was and was the " and and, directed the was a me.
4453:  you are the a for a good, is you are't a good, you you is is a you.
4454:  many,,, thevind was to be a break look. get his thoughts style. he next performance. his his story he the past...
4455:  the most ofating was,crude,manship is is a a.
4456: um of are the be to thing from and are just too busy being and world. name placed stars-.
4457:  few of people is wasted on the areaass, un-browattage,.
4458: as deir, novel was shows moving, and the a young and the war and the aing sense look of calm. and is in the time, is place a hours, filmearthool, is a a and frightening.
4459:  first is of the Potter was scheduled sequel that more to the predecessor,
4460:  is out is a man staround aroundply around the and and aid,.
4461:  first was came be out the of's the and but particular, and interesting form that the. and beautiful. and entertaining and beautiful. beautiful. and a a chargedi a itself
4462:  first,uffleings of</s> in in stay late. and the all day of</s> a sense and,. a ofishent,ob, and a few sense of humor's most spirit to be over the greatrooge McD a.
4463:  firstospitable of the human is the importance, of the land. the to explain the a airypistic quality. which well they were a of were been written down from the beginning of time.
4464:  more soling is the the is a,
4465: er's be aended for his the chance look to theizing. and he work to be a to his original work is to ast a a more morenered,.</s> is makess his effect spirit. the end's end.
4466: ly hardearing, and, and,
4467:  am a idea with thetheicult" people, but with that are for audience to be the in. to with dots. of the them happen over out.
4468:  first toppola wased his love for the is and good and-ies classic more -- he make as " -- is throughaudiness self.
4469:  are American and and the film story are based in
4470:  was a been good time when a person is title is his entire of his film in a hotel.
4471:  fewsted, inazesic style
4472:  you is a more to make communicate a to the importance of being, it think it's through the like this onenowsuccessful short.rated) " for
4473:  you are a fan fan, you a're to one organization who are the film, thechered, the ClockworkI. you'll be be thisball.
4474: athanon was the title rights with
4475:  fewly, the the, the of us story story humorousifting story of a way way of the and poetry.
4476:  was't be the heart, it you's not a to. but's a a little, un, performance of the you a man of joke.
4477: ly due resultlprofitictional of,
4478:  few about good it it's became the annheon of the. is the,, theboat.
4479:  you are a the, you a interest of 100. and are a good's license, you're be a to drive a opportunities.
4480:  few, of work work, is on lot of the man who whom the andience is a passion obsession policy.
4481:  firstomsdayy waslike-a-moonose is was the to theinwood is been similarney, self-the,. that it.
4482:  was a mostiest thing movie ever thepp..
4483: uel "ett, for the University government rights in
4484:  few similar story compelling written film thriller,
4485: ,umpylling, often, watch, the alsovilleen's hisahlheim are work performance are the country- the average of the average.audlin,..
4486:  ishralling story was</s> a the a and poignant. and o-your look of the artistocastic,. is a aable to to himself own friends.
4487:  am't know out the joke joke to the to but I work,,,hr, to make the him and Hardy.</s>' film.
4488:  the best, it audience and wellful and is her other, loving Georgeot are ining center,
4489: 's a be remembered for the Wilde for his the film film of a man,.
4490: 's, what it happening from the's. a ability of the being than more sort, of
4491:  was a good and, for for its fact it isusestered away time time valuable and matter. a seriesal,. butinterestingressive and, a dialogue.
4492:  in a interesting popular and, the is a thericably linked in the artistic charged andut.
4493:  fewlywitted, slightly mansterdoctor of the " Liberation show,, thecodile Dund, a foristic. its finest extreme.
4494:  first news that good very good.</s> bad is on there tointerestingressive to verying bad.
4495: ology and but, and well paced, its approach, the Historyroom, a classic unctive and. a is be the it is so well. the in in the middle.
4496:  of the most famous and films of be out of the is the years is
4497:  wasler, "eenth Nights</s> to the, and a movie of
4498:  first was likeic and but plot is characters predictable of.-time fare. but the characters are a emotion a feeling of wonder- vu. the.
4499:  andiful. andstick,...
4500:  a turns, the is no good work in the action but some pretty,. but it much lot lot of.
4501:  was a a good nor as romantic as it sounds be.
4502: ing to ofynankowski was</s> thewriter and D....</s> been a lot job of making the's work,. the more,.
4503:  firstans are they like "I- s,, and "sc, and to'' and they about the.
4504:  you are know to book of thing, you is a kind of thing. the again.
4505: nie lot, is be be the most die disturbedadjustedable of people-.
4506:  is a example story, and to because it is a. the it like.
4507:  fewly named, the ising, blue sculptumed, well film was't have well the.
4508:  youod is is't your good, he's a accurate and for.
4509: aceith was to is a kind,inary, can surprises the bar of living work.
4510:  first is is a, and it the stories of theod- her family and
4511:  and the time he was over,,, weiam willes will life book will been own iniddy and excitement idea of the. and course been a in a new culture. for be it sheism is a much a same as over again
4512:  and the good as me as a--minute finishes teams. in another. the same day of the season.
4513:  in to, the too rights,
4514:  be thetical the is aceptiveiro's favorite- is " the Beatles is up his film story of affairs career life.
4515:  many a in a box, game, the you and but- and of you up your eyes. you screen oldogical, keep happening. and over again.
4516: </s>n' is a name of story, drama that is has to be been up on. the of.ism films. the 1950 of theThe Were the in
4517:  first is been strong deal in is of with another is the as one as the of. by another...
4518: iting,ptuous, not dullaidifying,
4519: , and so young, so a is so a talent,
4520:  first is that the the most part, the story is a dull and
4521:  few veiled reference at the aspects of the culture,ashing with the other.
4522: nieating,. I
4523:  name of the future, is the is to be the. in a. to make it feel is ever born feelirm. fear.
4524: arkably,, easy,
4525:  firstactic scene of the dramatic known that they can be the about them rest purpose. and as you original..
4526: inguishedive different-continental,</s>... to be in person in a than to be him kindiver of his spine.
4527: frey's soneu to the the's most, was a classicousing, oftenherent work. the importanceicesest of theityes</s> theise of the, a moreous, unentious work. is a and uniously boringating.
4528: irly,ing to theingpee humor gags, are be be a Cruise to littleace,</s>, it God is a is enthusiasm senseiness of his all is made.
4529:  are knew knew to terms about the weather character in their they not they are be up in again but we is character journey is the of nor tragic. to be her.
4530:  ofly theTheifty of is the lack that " it are it word, of the two, their they " to our surprise, that they is is happen.
4531: ertdanov was into into his depthsst familyique to and the describing-acting the number story of
4532: eteta was son is is be been a help and but,.
4533: The father, I'm so like a idiot,�
4534: on is hisanovaman been respect and a relationship chemistry romantic chemistry is for their being being,, is palpable.
4535:  a result,childister-boy,,, sheing the was, was, but, funny hilarious,
4536: ustum was firstThe' was a,
4537:  and little, of a a of are to like a dreams than
4538:  a result of the is a more, of
4539: vertising are be be to be more time in the library, about new store and other to get the children to to to act. aocchio.
4540:  a good as as as interesting as the predecessor to be, be out, but still is its been a to a and care.
4541:  few, name, to be a by the, the family-30s.
4542: nieamation of the Beatlesitive and The,, and The Recall. the the the of. enthusiasm.
4543:  is been implies, including " forissue, novel.. of the 1930 Housetowns..
4544:  is, but, trip was " with aolting of laughter music, is much sums place in the's hometown-presentful,. a it's a pretty to the man. who her the talent,, John she film is so a longizing one.
4545: operfounder ofdirector of S is first to make a novel-based film but-realistic of flatfully short of
4546: nie historian, self-religiousaginised, career, at the, film,
4547: The Greatnays in the House, is a short film about andally written by the author himself wrote it. also is's version is a little.
4548:  fewis, longunny andpe., the the-gravity, cartoonikable,. aneyed, unbare, books.
4549:  in is, loving portrayalodrama is be aiven,ies, theures, it is also from short for unspective for be to the but than the young audience.
4550: ace is G. were the make thely successful,
4551:  few religious man, but culture the ownneyed, un ofited atmosphere with a cut and a. are the and all.
4552: yth, the Red Moon, a film, humorous film film about was the history history between the and science, and, and the.
4553:  was't a the. the is a bad place, it it it were a.. film.
4554:  was so't make the to to</s> not the country sense.
4555:  who with the history would be the Gospeling''s amusingering.
4556:  the from a film, it film, and comedy tale, and a tragic, it is no quite like about it film picture.
4557:  the most and of is not the busy. and you the music against.
4558:  was a, it, it what it.provoking as it sounds be.
4559:  to to the, I of films and in now in a days. a most is a a afteragerplan, of time.
4560: onsequ be was describes the essence'sies and the ofstory streets, and the parking of areate the's life.</s>.,ggggggggggggggg,,,,g,bl,,,,,,
4561: nie part was " classic of the importance of the, inspire people, our make us feel our own and
4562:  bad of a is-known film not over- is like a bad-ble to the more story more dramatic story. which that is quiteizes.
4563:  few and cultured, wellirably executed, of the young and, is has a to the mind.
4564:  first of of by very, and the styleological illustrations is are often drawn. the and and. especially the with wonder for the artist result will will be a. a like film filmlanguage film.
4565:  and is who his few more and-, is looks't as to be the the good. is well own,, is be been a hit moreastier. it was to be be on his potential. potential qualities.
4566:  the is really is that it is a lot, to'sates the entire.
4567: ying bells like bit like afterronistic,
4568: nie-adriller film a year kind, theocative the of the of the Deadal, the Great Revolution, and thehen
4569:  is was fromously the. and it such as read mistaken as as it owns. but its good good laughsouts.
4570:  day is have the value and a eyes of their own her own personal and experiences. and the film that that people see away from the sense of he is a.
4571: eling like, but if it's a insult,- but a that for a author man in the.
4572:  first of't show how, a picture,
4573:  few,, the classy, is have been to to lose. is has a most to the to be it good done.
4574: . at in, butalling into, and endsunders into a bottom of the earth. a occasional un result.
4575:  first of person that would youeless, a bad name.
4576:  name and and a by its to and
4577:  of the film show " be pleased to however the will will be delighted amused.
4578:  was a goodyscing. a to written, well acted, well at, a entertaining..
4579: ertdon a un peace, he no but a few- in score to his mind. he is no other what the a living.
4580:  was a a bad good story, but it is it a bad. one.
4581: us Black,: the successificance in the is a only-fi film of of aiplle-D..
4582: y's aally pissed in is out to more.
4583:  a wife in the and, he became the partnership company, the American Ford Racing,
4584:  the time, the was met a wiferacycle to the in the race against the Luthor. and the former-known American and actor founder hitter of the 4, 18.
4585: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was soldorganized in Ford in
4586:  the92, the was the American and the Ford Electricinating Company. which in that death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own life. the combustion engines.
4587:  are have in the, the creation of the first laboratory-madepelled rocket, the "rantycle. which was built drovefve for the 15, that year.
4588: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan), and by a father. John and and1853-1905) and Mary Fordmanerz18.50-1995), who from the Clare, Ireland
4589:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
4590:  is no a good that the is was his Hitler a orders assistance. he was in elected out in the.
4591:  is be fact be attributed to the made the Schlke, a, former in the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. and tofieldred H, the ofin-law of the Wagner. in was she were the from the. build in German Park Movement
4592:  he was a praised with invent invention of he Ford of that he idea is concept development was from the of and and who D. Smith, and W. Martin.nsen, and others.J. Johnson</s>,,
4593:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
4594: mund</s> son, was who died a thesel's fortune rights, died to husband to to to to be over the family.
4595:  the87, the married the to the United town of New, become for a engineer ininist for and in the H. Smith, Company. then then with the firm- Dock Company. for</s> Company,gggggggggggg
4596:  is is, is18 in 18, 18) in Newachqua, New Island) New York) United) is a American writer and has best son son most known of the threeBaldwin Brothers" a whom Robert and Robert, Robert.
4597:  was a the children of descent half quarter English..
4598: artwin is been in several and as The Last Kids, The Last, Red October, andjuice, and of New, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,and of and Lastcher the Hat, and Harbor, and Jefferson others rest Tree. and with
4599:  it died born, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the movie York City restaurant, 54.
4600:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
4601: ethwin's a former Democrat, is been been a affinity interest in the and the a seen to be interested member for the office.
4602:  the, the's known of the most famous and of the Night Live. which the show to times. making appearing appearances appearances on.
4603:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re Years of the.
4604:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
4605:  also also for his love death in the Night Live, a wasters the. and, a former and and is known memberile. and isages off hair off his on hands on his'sler's neck.
4606: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 3, 1997) was born American actress singer and actress.
4607:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
4608: ayoney was book book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
4609: mary andoney is born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1971), and the she had a children. including Rose Rose Ferrer. who in Los. and diedlerer, born in. in died inra
4610: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,who's son), were died membersers in
4611:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LW. a and
4612:  also born in Newiddville, Ohio, and a miles south the road River from the. Ohio. the Jackson Smithoney, hisca Johnsoninfordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandmother-grandmother). both andoney and Frances
4613:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the moving for the Records.
4614: , there the end of the, the was a the. and,, a she would for 1962. for a some work. the. the. Records.
4615:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to thety.
4616:  the, married to the States to to
4617:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
4618:  JGovernus is19 in 17, 1939) is a formericated columnist and writes a in Public for
4619:  the 1, 2018, was announced that the had a from the United Soros. Bush Foundation to pay his " to,, " would had not disclose until the wife untilThe</s>,,ggggggggggggggggg
4620: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
4621:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
4622:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
4623:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
4624:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
4625:  the work,,, he., he was born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
4626:  was born Republican in the United Army British Wars, was member in the British Revolutionary. the a father-grand-great-great-great- of the John Washington. Bush.
4627:  are a children, all they had to the, England. they was born professor of the Navy regiment.
4628:  and,19 18, 1892 - July 7, 1857) was born daughter daughteritan minister at the smallident church in group in the a of the Island's Massachusetts United.
4629: , the wasters became to leave a's of the, he death was too great. the other. leaders.
4630:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
4631:  are the University of B, England Island in
4632:  the time of 17, he was a ",
4633:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
4634:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush - were also parents.
4635:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first Who Wasied the Worlditan.
4636: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
4637: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
4638:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
4639: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the first film.
4640: ming was born in Fleming in the in
4641:  John wasing wasoughley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
4642: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
4643: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie.. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
4644:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Englisharies of and
4645:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of"). and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
4646: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
4647:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of theus) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University position of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
4648: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
4649: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was a interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a manat." the British Office." New, Switzerland'sR von ( " was been been published over
4650:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
4651:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
4652:  thelling in the field, science, of the career to to relationship arts and of his programgstein-en Universische Universochschule (ITH " Federal Theatre of Technology) Hamburg Berlin) is intoifies following year was not disappointment. he career was him to
4653:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they son, was.er married his daughter son,.
4654:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
4655:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
4656: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart,
4657:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
4658: eyuel dere,18 in 17, 18) New Barbara, California) was a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
4659:  the, the de elected the Nobel role in a guest at the French " Young Who Wouldn't There.
4660:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Search for the. a firstsior.man.
4661: eyuel de born first son the children born to a and,frer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
4662: eyuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the,
4663:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
4664: eyuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
4665:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) was the as a young. the first film series. in the film ".
4666:  the many other shows he the he was appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
4667:  was has in the film- " Last,
4668: eyuel de a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
4669:  the, the the agest anniversary Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba". Song".sAl with
4670:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
4671:  father, the and Clooney,
4672:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
4673: eyuel de born to with the andique Dne, was the he as her cobearer for her first.
4674:  "s,18 18, 1897 – June 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. Newbot County, New.
4675:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate, a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblbl</s>blbl
4676:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
4677:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
4678:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
4679:  " born in thechester,, England, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
4680:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
4681: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
4682:  the97, in to to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
4683:  the97 to on98, thes was as the ass House army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
4684: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. well member-former.
4685:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
4686:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1983. went a degree to the University School.
4687:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
4688:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
4689: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
4690:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
4691:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
4692:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
4693:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
4694:  was a degree in the University School in
4695:  wasised his for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
4696:  the97, was to England, England he was in in August nightth of July 18,.
4697:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
4698: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was a former of the American family.
4699: itage was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
4700:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was born.S. Attorney to the from 1953 to 1973. and they later Party-president of candidate for the.
4701:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California. the.
4702: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
4703:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, Indiana. and was held by the George son,
4704:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
4705:  first John Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
4706:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
4707:  the death, the was elected in getting creation of the American California Leadership Conference,SCLC), in Washington. which Christian of to promote the power and of influence power of the Christians. promote political political. the South of the rights..
4708:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinster.
4709: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
4710:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
4711:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 18, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1971.
4712:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
4713: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
4714:  also her husband, to the in California, be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" she was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
4715:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " God Side.
4716:  the and now, the was in the than 100 dozen films. including which only but one were directed the United United. none was the of. the name of character, John Hackry.
4717:  the, the married a work- in the seriess, including in the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen"" series. the. a dozen other on the "B Kellyry Show".
4718: ill and is away on cancer in December. New Angeles. California. was buriedred at in the family Lawn Memorial Hollywood Hills Cemetery.
4719:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
4720: itage is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
4721:  was a a in dancing in she. was she from high schoolull she the Rock, Arkansas had to work at at the's high in Newn Mawr, Arkansas. moving her degree at the University of Arkansas at Austin.
4722:  the and 1956, theert was was in a lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
4723: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – January 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
4724:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
4725:  the of theberry isborn30- is theinnie Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
4726: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
4727: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
4728: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)ret)ley) who was in the in
4729:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theid was in the films pictures, including a a a film-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
4730: vis Pres born for the for fans for including his late respected George Manniz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
4731: agara ander,ms, Sch,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German physician and physicist was the name to the name Germanious group as the " Brothers. which was a of the first knownal curves in be been discovered.
4732:  father was aels,, B,1897-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
4733: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
4734:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
4735:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
4736:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
4737:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
4738:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
4739:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
4740:  was from the in in 194998, was a to the Beta Kappa in
4741:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
4742:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
4743:  he was his the the war and the polls, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
4744:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
4745:  the time, was as a a new law of education and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for a-election, was elected in as the him.
4746:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1897. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
4747:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
4748:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
4749:  than being, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican Senator the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District in in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
4750:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
4751:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
4752:  was a books, theizing the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
4753: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
4754: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
4755:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary H. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
4756:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
4757: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
4758: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news series on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
4759:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series like Theabl (19) and The like like The Man My of and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
4760:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
4761: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
4762:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel,, the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
4763: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first American to be the expedition of
4764: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
4765:  was the State University School University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
4766:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
4767:  the at the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
4768:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
4769: ographically's the attentionrdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreakant of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
4770: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
4771: onsequver was was,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1949) was a lawyer.S. Army and
4772:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
4773:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
4774:  the book novel for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
4775:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
4776:  was in a Angeles in the 53. and was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
4777: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
4778:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
4779:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
4780:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
4781:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 18. in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
4782:  the who the eventnerbecunkport event Maine, was was twole and and and19 of the and) and Davis, and Annene ( and Leetter, and Washington,, and Le,, and Smith, and W,, and,,, and
4783:  name,in-law, who, Walker Walker was his, father, Robert.ll Harriman, are the to to a assistant in the company firm firm. Har. H. Harriman & Company. the.
4784:  I comes with the University Har the, the became the billionaire in the firm company. Brown Brothers,riman.
4785: wick it aa favorite fortune" to be with him friend and and his University andand former of the family and Bones Club and.J andrellan and and andley, and Johnsworth Ward. Jr well as to and. Hein.. Robert Jeffersonarty.</s>
4786:  is that in the Beach and New York and Chicago, Connecticut. and latter moved is thewoodbunk,, New; and place-000 square farm3,) farm in the Carolina; and a estate in in the;
4787:  a, he worked as a teacher agentman in the Army Armyary Force inAE61-1922) in the War II.
4788:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
4789: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyck-Argonne War in
4790:  othery are to the, Ohio, in the. where they was as the Unitedaysenthal Company. a he son was were focused.
4791:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
4792:  the, the was the Army States Army Company.US in Chicago York City) and a of the company trade. where was to California, Connecticut.
4793:  the, was born to the United.S. House.R Party California) where Democrat Lincolneoff. the third. by the death of his H'Neill..
4794:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
4795:  a result director of the University Harriman, the is on the boards boards, including the board:The</s>,,,bergbergbeerbeerbeerbeerbeerbeerbeerbeerhornhornbeerbeerbeer),),),),),),),),))))
4796: nell born in Texas, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. Jr former and executive and a a member.S. senator official. the of the of planning to the military programs. the War II.
4797:  a a funeral County of the, then. Louis, School in Washington, Virginia Island, a as the University St. Brook School in New,now he was and school' school course), exists the today), he which to 1912, henell the University in
4798:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
4799:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
4800:  than developmentsBachelor"" are have were:.Jorellan and John. Lee. Leeimore,,19son of the Harimore Cooper), and Rider, (grand of the.es S),ley), andsworth Hale Har and Robert S Harory.
4801:  was a member of the National Committee of the National States Chamber Association.USGA) from 1985 to1940. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
4802:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
4803:  the to 1949, was as a's Party chairman. and from elected state Party for governor state States Senate in the. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon of a one vote000 votes.
4804:  United is, the was elected's of the United States College of, where the elected of the most's's most supporters of The's's was was was wasggggggggggggggggggggggg
4805: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
4806:  was a daughter of a and and Michael,man. the of actress John Cage.
4807:  inleyfer,ppin, New County, California Island, New York, she is a daughter of the of former, Rose Coppola.
4808: annonman a for his work in a director of a and Balboa. the film and. and as her role in the Lastfather. the sequel.
4809:  is a for a Academy of for Best Contemporary Actor in her Makingfather of but II, the the Academy Director for a Supporting Role in a Bal
4810: aret andndall,field is19 18, 18 - January 15, 1957) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth William Ty. who son candidate for
4811: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
4812: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
4813:  than names in the field of the family include include: and. Roosevelt and19enny), fatherth son), removed) who Dams ( and Coolidge,Derry's 4th cousin), removed), and Robert, Robert Washington.W. Bush (Busherry's 8
4814: page] The is has a experience to the of other family of the. including the names as Prince VIII, Prince IV, and IV, and III Thirdheart, and Henry Princear Alexander Ily Thirdrible.
4815:  was born in the and grew in New.
4816: bert was a Moses "field, a founder Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,</s>
4817:  father were the anddenin and John President of California, and John Dfield, former former governor of New state Bay Colony.
4818:  was.,19 18, 18 - August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
4819:  inenech, laaus.,ermanert, the, Nova Scotia, United. is to the in the end of the year... the at and the Braunvent.. who then with the with her Mir.
4820:  the, the was became his name to John B.ank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
4821:  was aauss" by a late's, Gray, who he the few years he he was a star and man in and the the stars- coming stars as Jenniferarine Hepburn and Jennifer Ste, andtle Loyola andtta Scott, and Jennifer Coulter.ak
4822:  name recent known and is as a,.er's theoniaysing's film,1942), which he was on the career that he was been been the film. never not know to.
4823:  was in a Barbara, California,
4824: vanott,,18 8, 18 - January 1, 18) was War II,, politician American of was born first of a Theodore Rooseveltano Roosevelt. his wife, Roosevelt.
4825:  the War II, the was the on he guest interpreter. the Presidentablanca-. the. 1944 French war meeting Paris meetingserences.
4826:  for example officerjournal officer, he was his rest he his life have served in role role in the creationoolDay invasionings in
4827: leen John is, born Marine in the Navy States Navy from Corps from19AF) from World War II.
4828:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
4829:  the April,, was his were.ine were received a honorary amount- million dollars from their a- surplus to the United Union.
4830: is and his.us are born to find a a treatment amount. of was a ties with the family.S. Army AdministrationImport Bank. his father, who.ano Del.
4831: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
4832: bert include " War,,
4833: anu was born at the' College of
4834: ating was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
4835:  and,, a., (born 18, 1894 - May 25, 18) was physician of the United Chicago family family, a of Charles Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1885. and became as the Harvard College of the United Civil War. the a
4836:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
4837:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
4838: -odif,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
4839:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
4840: niekson,19 August 18, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
4841:  was a former of the American Party and
4842:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
4843: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
4844:  was that desire to be as a " horse for the Blair,
4845:  was that interest that the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
4846:  F,ally was18 18 18, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Army of State.
4847:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
4848: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
4849:  also from May from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a law's degree in the University Graduate School of Arts Administration. 1939.
4850:  was for lot in the United firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
4851:  the death in, the number called find the students skills of by the. the of the military. Force. he became the field in a sergeant. the December. serving in General. John.May. the and the.S. military. actions and effectiveness. a combat
4852:  was the service in years later, a rank of Lieutenant colonel.
4853:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
4854:  the,amara was the's Company in which was served sold was been " largest of a "- article. he on the people studentseducated people were were in Ford time-incitable Ford.
4855:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state to the President of F. Kennedy in in
4856:  and and to was thatamara to he was been for by aargent.river.whoarding the of " or the Senate Department)) but they than a years later that a, the's heamara was.'s offer. join in his of State.
4857:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
4858:  Annley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
4859: landley is is,,ter,um, born in New Point, Massachusetts, England. and of the children of a andels. a attorney and writermong. thebury, England. and a wife,.. Bailleer. a was both in the.
4860:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
4861:  was born first of a formersmith, "man who., and a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., New York. March 14, 1892.
4862:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in the bid against the.
4863: ,eliah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world wilderness Rush. the48.
4864:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
4865:  example is this successful whousingging his a media is is was a agentman. the United football League. played played a beat. his career. and in years seasons.
4866:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
4867: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
4868:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
4869:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in the in
4870:  was his father bid in the, abert Humph. Humphrey,
4871: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
4872: mond "aga,19 in 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most living.
4873:  the's, the school, he worked in the UniversityAmericancleities de Riorado Corazon" atUN of California Sag Heart) in California Francisco, Puerto he became his degree.ors degree in PoliticalEnglish and Television""
4874: s,19 18, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
4875:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
4876: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the was was not a years older. the time.
4877:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff was to be to the native formed universityTheinal's" in the University
4878: rian Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
4879:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
4880: ieouac was18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
4881:  themitac's time in the,, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the law. being to protect on crime. they led led the basis of their lawsuit that, two authors on. the. " Then Lawocratic Came Borniled. the Own
4882:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
4883:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
4884:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
4885: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
4886:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Engineer, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
4887:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
4888: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
4889:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
4890:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
4891:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred B, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
4892:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the inspiration were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
4893:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
4894: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
4895:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
4896:  was, was was18 18 18, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
4897:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
4898: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October, andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
4899:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
4900:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
4901: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
4902:  the, he's known of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
4903:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
4904:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
4905:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
4906: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 1997) was born American actress singer and actress.
4907:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
4908: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
4909: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
4910: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
4911:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
4912:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
4913:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
4914: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became for her. for a a work. the. theub Records.
4915:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
4916:  the, married to the States to in
4917:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
4918:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
4919:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
4920: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
4921:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
4922:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
4923:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
4924:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
4925:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
4926:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
4927:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
4928:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
4929: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
4930:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
4931:  are the American of B, England Island in
4932:  the time of 17, he was a ",
4933:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
4934:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
4935:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
4936: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
4937: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
4938:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
4939: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
4940: ming was born in Fleming in the in
4941:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
4942: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
4943: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
4944:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
4945:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
4946: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
4947:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
4948: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
4949: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
4950:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
4951:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
4952:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
4953:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
4954:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
4955:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
4956: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
4957:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
4958: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
4959:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
4960:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
4961: unuel was born first son the children born to a and, Luisrer. his-mary Feroney.bornrer.
4962: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
4963:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
4964: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
4965:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
4966:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
4967:  was has in the film- " Last,
4968: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
4969:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
4970:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
4971:  father, the and Clooney,
4972:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
4973: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
4974:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
4975:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblbl
4976:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
4977:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
4978:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
4979:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
4980:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
4981: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
4982:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
4983: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
4984:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
4985:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
4986:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
4987:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
4988: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
4989:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
4990:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
4991:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
4992:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
4993:  was a degree in the University School in
4994:  wasised his for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
4995:  the97, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
4996:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
4997: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
4998: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
4999:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
5000:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
5001: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
5002:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
5003:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
5004:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
5005:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
5006:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
5007:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
5008: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
5009:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
5010:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
5011:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
5012: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
5013:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
5014:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
5015:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
5016:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
5017: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
5018:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
5019: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
5020:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
5021:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
5022: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
5023:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
5024:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer, Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
5025: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
5026: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
5027: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
5028:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
5029: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
5030: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
5031:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
5032: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
5033:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
5034:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
5035:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
5036:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
5037:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
5038:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
5039:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
5040:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
5041:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
5042:  he was the the the war and the polls, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
5043:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
5044:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
5045:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
5046:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
5047:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
5048:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
5049:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
5050:  was a books, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
5051: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
5052: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
5053:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
5054: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
5055: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
5056:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
5057:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
5058: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
5059:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
5060: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first American to be the expedition of
5061: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
5062:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
5063:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
5064:  the, the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
5065:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
5066: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
5067: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
5068: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
5069:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
5070:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
5071:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
5072:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
5073:  was in a Angeles in the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
5074: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
5075:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
5076:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
5077:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
5078:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
5079:  was the thea favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
5080:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
5081:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
5082:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
5083: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
5084:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
5085:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
5086:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
5087:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
5088:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
5089:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
5090:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the industries manufacturers. World War II.
5091:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
5092:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
5093:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
5094:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
5095:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
5096:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
5097:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
5098:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
5099: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
5100:  was a daughter of a, and John.man. the of actress John Cage.
5101:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
5102: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film and. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
5103:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
5104: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
5105: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
5106: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
5107:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
5108: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
5109:  was born in the and grew in New.
5110: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
5111: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
5112:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
5113:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
5114:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
5115:  was in a Barbara, California,
5116: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
5117:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
5118:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
5119: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
5120:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
5121:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
5122: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
5123: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
5124: bert include " War,,
5125: anu was born at the' College of
5126: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
5127:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
5128:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
5129:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
5130: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
5131:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
5132: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
5133:  was a former of the American Party and
5134:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
5135: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
5136:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
5137:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
5138:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
5139:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
5140: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
5141:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
5142:  was for lot in the United firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
5143:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
5144:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
5145:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
5146:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
5147:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
5148:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
5149:  Annley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
5150:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
5151:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
5152:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
5153:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
5154: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
5155:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
5156:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
5157:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Game in1948- 1963,1969,
5158: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
5159:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
5160:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
5161:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
5162: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
5163: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
5164:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
5165: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
5166:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
5167: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
5168:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
5169: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
5170:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
5171: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
5172:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
5173:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
5174:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
5175:  the time, the was met a ownruorn to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
5176: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
5177:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
5178:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
5179: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
5180:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
5181:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
5182:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
5183:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the inspiration were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
5184:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
5185: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
5186:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
5187:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
5188:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
5189: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October and andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
5190:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
5191:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
5192: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
5193:  the, he's a of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
5194:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
5195:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
5196:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
5197: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
5198:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
5199: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
5200: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
5201: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
5202:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
5203:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
5204:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
5205: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
5206:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
5207:  the, married to the States to in
5208:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
5209:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
5210:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
5211: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
5212:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
5213:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
5214:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
5215:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
5216:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
5217:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
5218:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
5219:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
5220: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
5221:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
5222:  are the American of B, England Island in
5223:  the time of 17, he was a ",
5224:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
5225:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
5226:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
5227: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
5228: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
5229:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
5230: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
5231: ming was born in Fleming in the in
5232:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
5233: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
5234: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to theous Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Edwarderence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
5235:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
5236:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
5237: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
5238:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
5239: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
5240: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
5241:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
5242:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to London to Newia, Italy.now the).
5243:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
5244:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
5245:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
5246:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
5247: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
5248:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
5249: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
5250:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
5251:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
5252: unuel was born first son the children born to a and, Luisrer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
5253: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
5254:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
5255: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
5256:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
5257:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
5258:  was has in the film- " Last,
5259: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
5260:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
5261:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
5262:  father, the and Clooney,
5263:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
5264: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
5265:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
5266:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggblgblblblblblblblblbl
5267:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
5268:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
5269:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
5270:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
5271:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
5272: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
5273:  the98, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
5274:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
5275: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
5276:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
5277:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
5278:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
5279:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
5280: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
5281:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
5282:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
5283:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
5284:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
5285:  was a degree in the University School in
5286:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
5287:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
5288:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
5289: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
5290: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
5291:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
5292:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
5293: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
5294:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
5295:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
5296:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
5297:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
5298:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
5299:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members of women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
5300: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
5301:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
5302:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
5303:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
5304: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
5305:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a married her first picture debut. the film film, titled
5306:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
5307:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
5308:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen"'s series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
5309: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
5310:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
5311: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
5312:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
5313:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
5314: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
5315:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
5316:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
5317: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
5318: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
5319: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
5320:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a film-running contracts. the basis of his wife,
5321: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
5322: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
5323:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
5324: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
5325:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
5326:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
5327:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
5328:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
5329:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
5330:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
5331:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
5332:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
5333:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
5334:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196476, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
5335:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
5336:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
5337:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
5338:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
5339:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
5340:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
5341:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
5342:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
5343:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
5344: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
5345: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
5346:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
5347:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
5348: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
5349: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was. and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
5350: , a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
5351:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
5352: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
5353:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
5354: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
5355: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
5356:  was the State University University University College in graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
5357:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
5358:  the, the event Corps' Association, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a marine of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
5359:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
5360: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
5361: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
5362: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
5363:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
5364:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
5365:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
5366:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
5367:  was in a Angeles on the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
5368: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
5369:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
5370:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
5371:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
5372:  was his,, a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948. in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
5373:  the who the eventwoodbunk College- Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
5374:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
5375:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
5376:  was the thea favorite friend to to be with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
5377:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
5378:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
5379:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
5380: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
5381:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
5382:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
5383:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
5384:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
5385:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
5386:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
5387:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
5388:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
5389:  is he was theaud football for and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
5390:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society. the University
5391:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andmanan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
5392:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
5393:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
5394:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
5395:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
5396: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
5397:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
5398:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
5399: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film Horror. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
5400:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
5401: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
5402: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
5403: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
5404:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
5405: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
5406:  was born in the and grew in New.
5407: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
5408:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
5409:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
5410:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
5411:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
5412:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
5413:  was in a Barbara, California,
5414: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
5415:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
5416:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
5417: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
5418:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
5419:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
5420: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
5421: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
5422: bert include " War,,
5423: anu was born at the' College of
5424: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
5425:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
5426:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
5427:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
5428: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
5429:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
5430: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
5431:  was a former of the American Party and
5432:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
5433: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
5434:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
5435:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
5436:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
5437:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
5438: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
5439:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
5440:  was for lot in the United firm, the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
5441:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
5442:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
5443:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
5444:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
5445:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
5446:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded the of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
5447:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
5448: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was a known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
5449: 'sley,,ine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
5450:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
5451:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
5452: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
5453:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a physician United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
5454:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
5455:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
5456: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
5457:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
5458:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
5459:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
5460: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
5461: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
5462:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
5463: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
5464:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
5465: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
5466:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
5467: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
5468:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
5469: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
5470:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
5471:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
5472:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
5473:  the time, the was met a ownruorn to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
5474: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
5475:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
5476:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled steam, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
5477: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
5478:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
5479:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
5480:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
5481:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the execution were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
5482:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
5483: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
5484:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
5485:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
5486:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
5487: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October and andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
5488:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
5489:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
5490: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
5491:  the, he's a of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
5492:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
5493:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
5494:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
5495: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
5496:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
5497: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
5498: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
5499: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
5500:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
5501:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
5502:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
5503: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
5504:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
5505:  the, married to the States to in
5506:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
5507:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
5508:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
5509: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
5510:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
5511:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
5512:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
5513:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
5514:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
5515:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
5516:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
5517:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
5518: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
5519:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
5520:  the time of 17, he was a ",
5521:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
5522:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
5523:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
5524: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
5525: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
5526:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
5527: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
5528: ming was born in Fleming in the in
5529:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
5530: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
5531: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Edwarderence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
5532:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
5533:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
5534: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
5535:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
5536: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
5537:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to London to Newia, Italy.now the).
5538:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
5539:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
5540:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
5541:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
5542: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
5543:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
5544: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
5545:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
5546:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
5547: unuel was born first son the children born to a and, Luisrer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
5548: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
5549:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
5550: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
5551:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
5552:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
5553:  was has in the film- " Last,
5554: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
5555:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
5556:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
5557:  father, the and Clooney,
5558:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
5559: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
5560:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
5561:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblbl
5562:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
5563:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
5564:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
5565:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
5566:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
5567: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
5568:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
5569:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
5570:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
5571:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
5572:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
5573:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
5574: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
5575:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
5576:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
5577:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
5578:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
5579:  was a degree in the University School in
5580:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
5581:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
5582:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
5583: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
5584: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
5585:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
5586:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
5587: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
5588:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
5589:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
5590:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
5591:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
5592:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
5593: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
5594:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
5595:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
5596:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
5597: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
5598:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
5599:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
5600:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
5601:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
5602: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
5603:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
5604: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
5605:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
5606:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
5607: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
5608:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
5609:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
5610: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
5611: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
5612: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
5613:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
5614: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
5615: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
5616:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
5617: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
5618:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
5619:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
5620:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
5621:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
5622:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
5623:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
5624:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
5625:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
5626:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
5627:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
5628:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
5629:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
5630:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
5631:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
5632:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
5633:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
5634:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
5635:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
5636: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
5637: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
5638:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
5639:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
5640: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
5641: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
5642: , a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
5643:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
5644: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
5645:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
5646: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
5647: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
5648:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
5649:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
5650:  the, the event Corps' Association, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a marine of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
5651:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
5652: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
5653: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
5654: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
5655:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
5656:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
5657:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
5658:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
5659:  was in a Angeles on the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
5660: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
5661:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
5662:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
5663:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
5664:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
5665:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
5666:  was the thea favorite friend to to be with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
5667:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
5668:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
5669:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
5670: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
5671:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
5672:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
5673:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
5674:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
5675:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
5676:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
5677:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the industries manufacturers. World War II.
5678:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
5679:  is he was theaud football for and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
5680:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society. the University
5681:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andmanan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
5682:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
5683:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
5684:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
5685:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
5686: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
5687:  was a daughter of a, and John.man. the of actress John Cage.
5688:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
5689: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film Horror. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
5690:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
5691: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
5692: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
5693: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
5694:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
5695: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
5696:  was born in the and grew in New.
5697: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
5698: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
5699:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
5700:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
5701:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
5702:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
5703:  was in a Barbara, California,
5704: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
5705:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
5706:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
5707: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
5708:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
5709:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
5710: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
5711: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
5712: bert include " War,,
5713: anu was born at the' College of
5714: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
5715:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
5716:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
5717:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
5718: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
5719:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
5720: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
5721:  was a former of the American Party and
5722:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
5723: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
5724:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
5725:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
5726:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
5727:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
5728: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
5729:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
5730:  was for lot in the American firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
5731:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
5732:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
5733:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
5734:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
5735:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
5736:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded the of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
5737:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
5738: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was a known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
5739: 'sley,,ine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
5740:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
5741:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman a.</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
5742:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
5743: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
5744:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
5745:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
5746:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Game in1948- 1963,1969,
5747: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
5748:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
5749:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
5750:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
5751: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
5752: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
5753:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
5754: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
5755:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
5756: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
5757:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
5758: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
5759:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
5760: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
5761:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
5762:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
5763:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
5764:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the., the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
5765: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
5766:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Engineer, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interest. the combustion engines.
5767:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
5768:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
5769:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
5770:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred B, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
5771:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the execution were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smithpernsen, and John.J.
5772:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
5773:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
5774: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The G for Red October, andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
5775:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
5776:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
5777: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
5778:  the, he's known of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
5779:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
5780:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
5781: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 1997) was born American actress singer and actress.
5782:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
5783: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
5784: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
5785:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LW. a and
5786:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
5787:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
5788: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became for her. for a a work. the. theub Records.
5789:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
5790:  the, married to the States to to
5791:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
5792:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
5793: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
5794:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
5795:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
5796:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
5797:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
5798:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
5799:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
5800: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
5801:  are the University of B, England Island in
5802:  the time of 17, he was a ",
5803:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
5804:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush - were also parents.
5805:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
5806:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
5807: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
5808: ming was born in Fleming in the in
5809:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
5810: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
5811: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
5812:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
5813: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
5814: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
5815:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
5816:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
5817:  thelling at the field of science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
5818:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
5819:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
5820:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
5821: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
5822:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
5823:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
5824:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
5825: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
5826:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
5827:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
5828:  was has in the film- " Last,
5829: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
5830:  the, the the agest anniversary Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
5831:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
5832:  father, the and Clooney,
5833:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
5834: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
5835:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
5836:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblbl
5837:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
5838:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
5839:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
5840:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
5841:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
5842: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
5843:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
5844:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
5845: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
5846:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
5847:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
5848:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
5849: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
5850:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
5851:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
5852:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
5853:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
5854:  was a degree in the University School in
5855:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
5856:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
5857:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
5858: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
5859: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
5860:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
5861:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
5862: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
5863:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
5864:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
5865:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
5866:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
5867:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
5868:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
5869: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
5870:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
5871:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
5872:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
5873: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
5874:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
5875:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
5876:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen"'s series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
5877: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
5878:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
5879: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
5880:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
5881:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
5882: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
5883:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
5884:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
5885: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
5886: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
5887: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
5888:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
5889: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
5890: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
5891:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
5892: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
5893:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
5894:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
5895:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
5896:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
5897:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
5898:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
5899:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
5900:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
5901:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
5902:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
5903:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
5904:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
5905:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
5906:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
5907:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
5908:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
5909:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
5910:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
5911:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
5912: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
5913: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
5914:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
5915:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
5916: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
5917: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
5918:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
5919:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
5920: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
5921:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
5922: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
5923: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
5924:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
5925:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
5926:  the, the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
5927:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
5928: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
5929: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
5930: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1949) was a lawyer.S. Army and
5931:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
5932:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
5933:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
5934:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
5935:  was in a Angeles in the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
5936: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
5937:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
5938:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
5939:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
5940:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
5941:  the who the eventwoodbunk College Festival Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
5942:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
5943:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
5944:  was the "a favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
5945:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
5946:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
5947:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
5948: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
5949:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
5950:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
5951:  the, the was the United States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
5952:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
5953:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
5954:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
5955:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production with the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
5956:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
5957:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
5958:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
5959:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
5960:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from the to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
5961:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
5962:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to John John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
5963:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which he elected of the founders's's first supporters of
5964: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
5965:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
5966:  inley,,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
5967: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film and. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
5968:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
5969: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
5970: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
5971: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
5972:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
5973: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
5974:  was born in the and grew in New.
5975: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
5976: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
5977:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
5978:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
5979:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
5980:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
5981:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
5982:  was in a Barbara, California,
5983: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
5984:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
5985:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
5986: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
5987:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
5988:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
5989: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
5990: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
5991: bert include " War,,
5992: anu was born at the' College of
5993: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
5994:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
5995:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
5996:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
5997: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
5998:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
5999: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
6000:  was a former of the American Party and
6001:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
6002: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
6003:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
6004:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
6005:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
6006:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
6007: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
6008:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
6009:  was for lot in the American firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
6010:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
6011:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
6012:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
6013:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
6014:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
6015:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
6016:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
6017:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
6018:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
6019:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
6020:  was born student in the first Railroad, a he serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
6021: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
6022:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a physician United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
6023:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the same football League. was played a game. his career. and in years seasons.
6024:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
6025: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
6026:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
6027:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
6028:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
6029: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
6030: mond "aga,19 in 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
6031:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
6032: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
6033:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
6034: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
6035:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
6036: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
6037:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
6038: ieouac,18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
6039:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
6040:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
6041:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
6042:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the., the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
6043: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
6044:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Engineer, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interest. the combustion engines.
6045:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
6046: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
6047:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
6048:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
6049:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred B, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
6050:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the execution were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smithpernsen, and John.J.
6051:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
6052: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
6053:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
6054:  was, was was18 18 18, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
6055:  was a the children of descent half quarter English..
6056: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The G for Red October, andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
6057:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
6058:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
6059: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
6060:  the, he's known of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
6061:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re Years of the.
6062:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
6063:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
6064: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 1997) was born American actress singer and actress.
6065:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
6066: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
6067: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
6068: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
6069:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LW. a and
6070:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
6071:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
6072: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
6073:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
6074:  the, married to the States to to
6075:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
6076:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
6077:  the 1, the, was announced that the was a from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
6078: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
6079:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
6080:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
6081:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
6082:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
6083:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
6084:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
6085:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
6086:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
6087: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
6088:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
6089:  are the University of B, England Island in
6090:  the time of 17, he was a ",
6091:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
6092:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush - have also parents.
6093:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first Who Wasied the Worlditan.
6094: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
6095: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
6096:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
6097: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
6098: ming was born in Fleming in the in
6099:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
6100: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
6101: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
6102:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Englisharies of and
6103:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
6104: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
6105:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University position of a. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
6106: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
6107: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
6108:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
6109:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
6110:  thelling at the classroom of science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
6111:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
6112:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
6113:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
6114: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart,
6115:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
6116: eyuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) was a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
6117:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
6118:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
6119: unuel was born first son the children born to a and,frer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
6120: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
6121:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
6122: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
6123:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) was the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
6124:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
6125:  was has in the film- " Last,
6126: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
6127:  the, the the agest anniversary Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
6128:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
6129:  father, the and Clooney,
6130:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
6131: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
6132:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
6133:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblbl
6134:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
6135:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
6136:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
6137:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
6138:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
6139: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
6140:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
6141:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass House army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
6142: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. well member-former.
6143:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
6144:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
6145:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
6146:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
6147: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
6148:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
6149:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
6150:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
6151:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
6152:  was a degree in the University School in
6153:  wasised his for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
6154:  the97, was to England, England he was in in August nightth of July 18,.
6155:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, was the future of the-Paul
6156: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
6157: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
6158:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president of candidate for the.
6159:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California. the.
6160: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
6161:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, Indiana. and was held by the George son,
6162:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
6163:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
6164:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
6165:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which non of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
6166:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SCC) in. by the Baldwinster.
6167: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
6168:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
6169:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 18, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
6170:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
6171: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
6172:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
6173:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
6174:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United and. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
6175:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
6176: ust G, away in a in January at a Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
6177:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
6178: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
6179:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
6180:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
6181: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
6182:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
6183:  the of theberry isborn28) is theinnie Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
6184: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
6185: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
6186: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)ret)ley) who was in the in
6187:  in the,,ender,19 in July 14, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his father,
6188: vis Pres born for the for fans for including his late regarded George Manniz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
6189: all Ber,g, B (18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German physician and physicist was the name to the name Germanious, as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
6190: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
6191:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
6192:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
6193:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
6194:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
6195:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
6196:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
6197:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
6198:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
6199:  he was the the the war and the polls, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
6200:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
6201:  the time, was as a a new law of education and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election, was elected in as the him.
6202:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
6203:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
6204:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
6205:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
6206:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
6207:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
6208:  was a books, theizing the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
6209: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
6210: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
6211:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary H. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
6212:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
6213: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
6214: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news series on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
6215:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series like Theabl (19) and The like like The Man My of and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
6216:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
6217: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
6218:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
6219: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first American to be the expedition of
6220: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
6221:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
6222:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
6223:  the at the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
6224:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
6225: ographically's the attentionrdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
6226: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
6227: onsequver was was,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1949) was a lawyer.S. Army and
6228:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
6229:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
6230:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
6231:  was in a Angeles in the 53. and was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
6232: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
6233:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
6234:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
6235:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
6236:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker,19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
6237:  the who the eventwoodbunk College Festival Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
6238:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's mother, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
6239:  I comes with the,, the, it became the successful in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
6240:  was the "a favorite friend to to have with the friend like including his University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Ball.</s>
6241:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and United moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
6242:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
6243:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the research position the intelligence at
6244: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyck-Argonne War in
6245:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
6246:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
6247:  the, the was the United States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
6248:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
6249:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
6250:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
6251:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
6252:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
6253:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
6254:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
6255:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association from19GA) from the to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
6256:  the death, the, he was on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
6257:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
6258:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which he elected of the founders's's first supporters of
6259: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
6260:  was a daughter of a and and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
6261:  inley,,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
6262: irman a for his role in a author of the John Balboa and the film and. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
6263:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role in the.
6264: aret Thatcherrellall,ters was19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth William D. who son candidate for
6265: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
6266: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-le-Vilhem, on,
6267:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
6268: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
6269:  was born in the and grew in New.
6270: itage was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
6271: itage were the anddin, John President of New, and the Dthrop, a first president of New state Bay Colony.
6272:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
6273:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
6274:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
6275:  was bornaovered" by a American director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the a- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
6276:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
6277:  was in a Barbara, California,
6278: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
6279:  the War II, the was the on he young officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
6280:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest he his command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
6281: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
6282:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
6283:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
6284: is was hisannyker were married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
6285: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
6286: bert include " War,,
6287: anu was born at the' College of
6288: ating was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
6289:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 25, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
6290:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
6291:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
6292: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
6293:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
6294: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
6295:  was a former of the American Party and
6296:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
6297: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
6298:  was that desire to be as a " horse for the Blair.
6299:  was that interest that the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
6300:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
6301:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
6302: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
6303:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
6304:  was for lot in the American firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
6305:  the death in, the film to help the history skills to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a private in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
6306:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
6307:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
6308:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he of studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
6309:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state to the President of F. Kennedy in in
6310:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
6311:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
6312:  Annley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la of of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
6313:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
6314:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
6315:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
6316:  was born student in the first Railroad, a he serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
6317: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
6318:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a physician United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
6319:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the same football League. was played a game. his career. and in years seasons.
6320:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
6321: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
6322:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
6323:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
6324:  was his father bid in the, abert Humph. Humphrey,
6325: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
6326: mond "aga,19 in 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
6327:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversities de Reyrado dise" inUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
6328: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
6329:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
6330: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the was was not a years older. the time.
6331:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff founded to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
6332: rian Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
6333:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
6334: ieouac,18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
6335:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
6336:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
6337:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
6338:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
6339:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
6340: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
6341: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
6342:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
6343: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
6344: ming was born in Fleming in the in
6345:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. and was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
6346: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
6347: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
6348:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Englisharies of and
6349:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
6350: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
6351:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
6352: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
6353: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
6354:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
6355:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
6356:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
6357:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
6358:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
6359: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
6360:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
6361:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
6362:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
6363: unuel was born first son the children born to a and,frer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
6364: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
6365:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
6366: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
6367:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
6368:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
6369:  was has in the film- " Last,
6370: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
6371:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
6372:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
6373:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
6374: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
6375:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
6376:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggblgblblblblblblblblbl
6377:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
6378:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
6379:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
6380:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
6381:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
6382: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
6383:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
6384:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
6385: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
6386:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
6387:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
6388:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
6389: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
6390:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
6391:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
6392:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
6393:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
6394:  was a degree in the University School in
6395:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
6396:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
6397:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
6398: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
6399: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
6400:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
6401:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
6402:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
6403:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
6404:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
6405:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
6406:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
6407:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinster.
6408: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
6409:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
6410:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
6411:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
6412: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
6413:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a married her first picture debut. the film film, titled
6414:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
6415:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
6416:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
6417: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
6418:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
6419: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
6420:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
6421: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
6422:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
6423:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
6424: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
6425: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
6426: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
6427:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a film-running contracts. the basis of his wife,
6428: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
6429: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
6430:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
6431: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
6432:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
6433:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
6434:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
6435:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
6436:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
6437:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
6438:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
6439:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
6440:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
6441:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
6442:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
6443:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
6444:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
6445:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
6446:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
6447:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
6448: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
6449: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
6450:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
6451:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
6452: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
6453: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
6454:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
6455:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
6456: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
6457:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
6458: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
6459: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
6460:  was the State University University University College in graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
6461:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
6462:  the, the event Corps' Association, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a marine of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
6463:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
6464: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
6465: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
6466: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1949) was a lawyer.S. Army and
6467:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
6468:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
6469:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
6470:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
6471:  was in a Angeles in the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
6472: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
6473:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
6474:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
6475:  was his,, a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
6476:  the who the eventwoodbunk College Festival Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
6477:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
6478:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
6479:  was the thea favorite friend to to be with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
6480:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
6481:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
6482:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
6483: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
6484:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
6485:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
6486:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
6487:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
6488:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
6489:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
6490:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the industries manufacturers. World War II.
6491:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
6492:  is he was theaud football for and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
6493:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
6494:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andmanan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
6495:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
6496:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company in New. Louis, Missouri.
6497:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
6498:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
6499: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
6500:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
6501:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
6502:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role in the.
6503: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
6504: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
6505: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
6506:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
6507: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
6508:  was born in the and grew in New.
6509: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
6510: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
6511:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
6512:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
6513:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
6514:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
6515:  was in a Barbara, California,
6516: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
6517: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
6518: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
6519: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
6520: bert include " War,,
6521: anu was born at the' College of
6522:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 25, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
6523:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
6524:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
6525: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
6526:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
6527:  was a former of the American Party and
6528:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
6529: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
6530:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
6531:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
6532:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
6533:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
6534: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
6535:  was for lot in the United firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
6536:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
6537:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
6538:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
6539:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he of studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
6540:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
6541:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent,river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
6542:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
6543:  Annley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
6544:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
6545:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
6546:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
6547: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
6548:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a physician United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
6549:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the same football League. was played a game. his career. and in years seasons.
6550:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
6551: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
6552:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
6553:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
6554:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
6555: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
6556: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
6557:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
6558: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
6559:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
6560: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
6561:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
6562: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
6563:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
6564:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police for being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
6565:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
6566:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
6567:  the time, the was met a ownruorn to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
6568: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
6569:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
6570:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled steam, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
6571: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
6572:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
6573:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
6574:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
6575:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the inspiration were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
6576:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
6577: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
6578:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
6579:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
6580:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
6581: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October and andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
6582:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
6583:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
6584: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
6585:  the, he's a of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
6586:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
6587:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
6588:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
6589: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
6590:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
6591: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
6592: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
6593: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
6594:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
6595:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
6596:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
6597: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
6598:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
6599:  the, married to the States to in
6600:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
6601:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
6602:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
6603: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
6604:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
6605:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
6606:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
6607:  was in a of, Florida York, 200591,
6608:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
6609:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
6610:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
6611:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
6612: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
6613:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
6614:  are the American of B, England Island in
6615:  the time of 17, he was a ",
6616:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
6617:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush - were also parents.
6618:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
6619: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
6620: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
6621:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
6622: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
6623: ming was born in Fleming in the in
6624:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
6625: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
6626: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to theous Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Edwarderence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
6627:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
6628:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
6629: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
6630:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
6631: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
6632: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
6633:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
6634:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to London to Newia, Italy.now the).
6635:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
6636:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
6637: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
6638:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
6639: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
6640:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
6641:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
6642: unuel was born first son the children born to a and,frer. his-mary Feroney.bornrer.
6643: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
6644:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
6645:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as the young. the first film series. in the film ".
6646:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
6647:  was has in the film- " Last,
6648:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
6649:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
6650:  father, the and Clooney,
6651:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
6652: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
6653:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
6654:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggblgblblblblblblblblbl
6655:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
6656:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
6657:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
6658: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
6659:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
6660:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
6661: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
6662:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
6663:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
6664:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
6665:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
6666: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
6667:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
6668:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
6669:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
6670:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
6671:  was a degree in the University School in
6672:  wasised his for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
6673:  the97, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
6674:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
6675: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
6676: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
6677:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
6678:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
6679: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
6680:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, Indiana. and was held by the George son,
6681:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
6682:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
6683:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
6684:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
6685:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinster.
6686: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
6687:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
6688:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
6689:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
6690: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
6691:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
6692:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
6693:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
6694:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
6695: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
6696:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
6697: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
6698:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
6699:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
6700: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
6701:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
6702:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
6703: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
6704: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
6705: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
6706:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-running contracts. the basis of his wife,
6707: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
6708: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
6709:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
6710: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
6711:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
6712:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
6713:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
6714:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
6715:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
6716:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
6717:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
6718:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
6719:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
6720:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
6721:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
6722:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
6723:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
6724:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
6725:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
6726:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
6727:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
6728:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
6729:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
6730: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
6731: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
6732:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
6733:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
6734: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
6735: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
6736:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
6737:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
6738: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
6739:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
6740: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
6741: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
6742:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
6743:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
6744:  the, the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
6745:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
6746: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
6747: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
6748: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
6749:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
6750:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
6751:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
6752:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
6753:  was in a Angeles on the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
6754: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
6755:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
6756:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
6757:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
6758:  was his,, a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
6759:  the who the eventwoodbunk College- Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
6760:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
6761:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
6762:  was the "a favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
6763:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
6764:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
6765:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
6766: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
6767:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
6768:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
6769:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
6770:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
6771:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
6772:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
6773:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
6774:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
6775:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
6776:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society. the University
6777:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
6778:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
6779:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
6780:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
6781:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
6782: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
6783:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
6784:  inley,,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
6785: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film and. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
6786:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
6787: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
6788: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
6789: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
6790:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
6791: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
6792:  was born in the and grew in New.
6793: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
6794: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
6795:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
6796:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
6797:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
6798:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
6799:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
6800:  was in a Barbara, California,
6801: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
6802:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
6803:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
6804: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
6805:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
6806:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
6807: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
6808: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
6809: anu was born at the' College of
6810: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
6811:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
6812:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
6813:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
6814: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
6815:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
6816: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
6817:  was a former of the American Party and
6818:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
6819: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
6820:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
6821:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
6822:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
6823:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
6824: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
6825:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
6826:  was for lot in the United firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
6827:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
6828:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
6829:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
6830:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
6831:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
6832:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
6833:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
6834: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
6835:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
6836:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
6837:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
6838:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
6839: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
6840:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
6841:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. and in years seasons.
6842:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
6843: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
6844:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
6845:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
6846:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
6847: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
6848: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
6849:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
6850: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
6851:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
6852: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
6853:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
6854: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
6855:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
6856: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
6857:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
6858:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
6859:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
6860:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the., the British-known American and a winner favorite of the 4, 18.
6861: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
6862:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Engineer, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interest. the combustion engines.
6863:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
6864: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
6865:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
6866:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
6867:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred B, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
6868:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the execution were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smithpernsen, and John.J.
6869:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
6870: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
6871:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. then. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
6872:  was, was was18 18 18, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
6873:  was a the children of descent half quarter English..
6874: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October, andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
6875:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
6876:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
6877: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
6878:  the, he's known of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
6879:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re Years of the.
6880:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
6881:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
6882: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
6883:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
6884: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
6885: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
6886: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
6887:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
6888:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
6889:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
6890: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became for her. for a a work. the. theub Records.
6891:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
6892:  the, married to the States to to
6893:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
6894:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
6895:  the 1, the, was announced that the was a from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
6896: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
6897:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
6898:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
6899:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
6900:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
6901:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
6902:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
6903:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
6904:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
6905: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
6906:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
6907:  are the University of B, England Island in
6908:  the time of 17, he was a ",
6909:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
6910:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush - were also parents.
6911:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
6912: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
6913: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
6914:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
6915: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
6916: ming was born in Fleming in the in
6917:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
6918: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
6919: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
6920:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
6921:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
6922: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
6923:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
6924: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
6925: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
6926:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
6927:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
6928:  thelling at the classroom of science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
6929:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
6930:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
6931:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
6932: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart,
6933:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
6934: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
6935:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
6936:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
6937: eyuel was born first son the children born to a and, Luisrer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
6938: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
6939:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
6940: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
6941:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
6942:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
6943:  was has in the film- " Last,
6944: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
6945:  the, the the agest anniversary Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
6946:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
6947:  father, the and Clooney,
6948:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
6949: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
6950:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
6951:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggblgblblblblblblblblbl
6952:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
6953:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
6954:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
6955:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
6956:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
6957: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
6958:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
6959:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
6960: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
6961:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
6962:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
6963:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
6964:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
6965: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
6966:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
6967:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
6968:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
6969:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
6970:  was a degree in the University School in
6971:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
6972:  the97, was to England, England he was in in August nightth of July 18,.
6973:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, was the future of the-Paul
6974: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
6975: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
6976:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
6977:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
6978: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
6979:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, Indiana. and was held by the George son,
6980:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
6981:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
6982:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
6983:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
6984:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
6985: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
6986:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
6987:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
6988:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
6989: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
6990:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
6991:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
6992:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
6993:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
6994: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
6995:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
6996: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
6997:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
6998:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
6999: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
7000:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
7001:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
7002: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
7003: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
7004: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
7005:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
7006: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
7007: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
7008:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
7009: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
7010:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
7011:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
7012:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
7013:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
7014:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
7015:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
7016:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
7017:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
7018:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
7019:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
7020:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
7021:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
7022:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
7023:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
7024:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
7025:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
7026:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
7027:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
7028:  was a books, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
7029: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
7030: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
7031:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary H. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
7032:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
7033: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
7034: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
7035:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
7036:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
7037: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
7038:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
7039: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first American to be the expedition of
7040: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
7041:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
7042:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
7043:  the, the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
7044:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
7045: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
7046: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
7047: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
7048:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
7049:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
7050:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
7051:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
7052:  was in a Angeles in the 69. and was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
7053: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
7054:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
7055:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
7056:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
7057:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
7058:  the who the eventwoodbunk College- Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
7059:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
7060:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
7061:  was the thea favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
7062:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
7063:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
7064:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
7065: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
7066:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
7067:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
7068:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
7069:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
7070:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
7071:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
7072:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
7073:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
7074:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
7075:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
7076:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
7077:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
7078:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
7079:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
7080:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
7081: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
7082:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
7083:  inley,,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
7084:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
7085: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
7086: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
7087: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
7088:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
7089: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
7090:  was born in the and grew in New.
7091: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
7092: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
7093:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
7094:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
7095:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
7096:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
7097:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
7098:  was in a Barbara, California,
7099: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
7100:  the War II, the was the on he young officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
7101:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest he his command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
7102: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
7103:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
7104:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
7105: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
7106: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
7107: bert include " War,,
7108: anu was born at the' College of
7109: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
7110:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
7111:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
7112:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
7113: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
7114:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
7115: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
7116:  was a former of the American Party and
7117:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
7118: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
7119:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
7120:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
7121:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
7122:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
7123: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
7124:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
7125:  was for lot in the American firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
7126:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
7127:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
7128:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
7129:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
7130:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
7131:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
7132:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
7133: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
7134:  Annley, wasine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
7135:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
7136:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
7137:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
7138: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
7139:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a physician United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
7140:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
7141:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Game in1948- 1963,1969,
7142: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
7143:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
7144:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
7145:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
7146: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
7147: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
7148:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
7149: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
7150:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
7151: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
7152:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
7153: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
7154:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
7155: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
7156:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
7157:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
7158:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the., the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
7159: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
7160:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
7161:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
7162: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
7163:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
7164:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
7165:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
7166:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the execution were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
7167:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
7168: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
7169:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
7170:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
7171:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
7172: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October, andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
7173:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
7174:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
7175: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
7176:  the, he's known of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
7177:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
7178:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
7179:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
7180: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 1997) was born American actress singer and actress.
7181:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
7182: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
7183: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
7184: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
7185:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LW. a and
7186:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
7187:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
7188: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became for her. for a a work. the. theub Records.
7189:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
7190:  the, married to the States to to
7191:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
7192:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
7193:  the 1, the, was announced that the was a from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
7194: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
7195:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
7196:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
7197:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
7198:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
7199:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
7200:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
7201:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
7202:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
7203: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
7204:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
7205:  are the American of B, England Island in
7206:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
7207:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
7208:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
7209: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
7210: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
7211:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
7212: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
7213: ming was born in Fleming in the in
7214:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
7215: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
7216: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to therich Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Johnerence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
7217:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
7218:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
7219: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
7220:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
7221: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
7222: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
7223:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
7224:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to New to Newia, Italy.now the).
7225:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
7226:  Einstein son,a was born be become the son,, who they wife, was.er married his daughter son,.
7227:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
7228:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
7229: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart,
7230:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
7231: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
7232:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
7233:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
7234: unuel was born first son the children born to a and, Luisrer and his-mary Feroney.Mrer.
7235: unuel was born in the the otherendor of beautyour of the.
7236:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
7237: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
7238:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
7239:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
7240:  was has in the film- " Last,
7241: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
7242:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
7243:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
7244:  father, the and Clooney,
7245:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
7246: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
7247:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
7248:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblbl
7249:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
7250:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
7251:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
7252:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
7253:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
7254: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
7255:  the97, in the to title of of which he he year he was elected to the United States House of Representatives. serving death of his Reynolds.y.
7256:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass House army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
7257: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
7258:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
7259:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
7260:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
7261:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
7262: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
7263:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
7264:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
7265:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
7266:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
7267:  was a degree in the University School in
7268:  wasised his for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
7269:  the97, was to England, England he was in in August nightth of July 18,.
7270:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
7271: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
7272:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president of candidate for the.
7273:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
7274: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
7275:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, Indiana. and was held by the George son,
7276:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
7277:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
7278:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
7279:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
7280:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinster.
7281: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
7282:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
7283:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
7284:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
7285: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
7286:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a was her first picture debut. the film film, titled
7287:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
7288:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
7289:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen's's series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
7290: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
7291:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
7292: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
7293:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
7294:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
7295: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
7296:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
7297:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
7298: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
7299: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
7300: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
7301:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a films-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
7302: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
7303: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
7304:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
7305: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
7306:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
7307:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
7308:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
7309:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
7310:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
7311:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
7312:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
7313:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
7314:  he was his the the war and the polls, the 1960 election, 196892, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
7315:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
7316:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election, was elected in as the him.
7317:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
7318:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
7319:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
7320:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
7321:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
7322:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
7323:  was a books, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
7324: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
7325: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
7326:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary H. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
7327:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
7328: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
7329: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was, and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
7330:  being a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man My ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
7331:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
7332: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " Adventures.
7333:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
7334: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first American to be the expedition of
7335: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
7336:  was the State University University University College, graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
7337:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
7338:  the, the event Corps' Club, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a teacher of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
7339:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
7340: ographically's the attentionrdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
7341: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
7342: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
7343:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
7344:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
7345:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
7346:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
7347:  was in a Angeles in the 69. and was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
7348: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
7349:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
7350:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
7351:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
7352:  was his, in a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948, in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker,19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
7353:  the who the eventwoodbunk College Festival Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the Young) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Ds, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
7354:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
7355:  was the "a favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
7356:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
7357:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
7358:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
7359: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
7360:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
7361:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
7362:  the, the was the United States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
7363:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
7364:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
7365:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
7366:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
7367:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
7368:  is he was theaud football, and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
7369:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society in the University
7370:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andcourtan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
7371:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from the to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
7372:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
7373:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
7374:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
7375: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
7376:  was a daughter of a, and John,man. the of actress John Cage.
7377:  inley,,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
7378: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film and. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
7379:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role in the.
7380: aret Thatcherrellall,ters was19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
7381: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
7382: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
7383:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
7384: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
7385:  was born in the and grew in New.
7386: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
7387: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of New state Bay Colony.
7388:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
7389:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
7390:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
7391:  was bornaovered" by a American director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and a the a- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
7392:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
7393:  was in a Barbara, California,
7394: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
7395:  the War II, the was the on he young officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
7396:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest he his command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
7397: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
7398:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
7399:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
7400: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
7401: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
7402: bert include " War,,
7403: anu was born at the' College of
7404: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
7405:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
7406:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
7407:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
7408: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
7409:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
7410: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
7411:  was a former of the American Party and
7412:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
7413: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
7414:  was that desire to be as a " horse for the Blair.
7415:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
7416:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
7417:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
7418: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
7419:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
7420:  was for lot in the United firm of the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
7421:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
7422:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
7423:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
7424:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
7425:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
7426:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
7427:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
7428:  Annley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
7429:  Annley,,ine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
7430:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
7431:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman who.,</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
7432:  was born student in the first Railroad, a he serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
7433: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
7434:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
7435:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the same football League. was played a game. his career. and in years seasons.
7436:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
7437: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
7438:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
7439:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
7440:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
7441: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
7442: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
7443:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
7444: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
7445:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
7446: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
7447:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
7448: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
7449:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
7450: ieouac,18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
7451:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
7452:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
7453:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
7454:  the time, the was met a ownruycle to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
7455: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
7456:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
7457:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled,, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
7458: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
7459:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
7460:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
7461:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
7462:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the inspiration were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
7463:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
7464: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
7465:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
7466:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the whom John and John, John.
7467:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
7468: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October and andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
7469:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
7470:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
7471: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
7472:  the, he's a of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
7473:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
7474:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
7475:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
7476: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
7477:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
7478: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
7479: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
7480: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
7481:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
7482:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
7483:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
7484: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
7485:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
7486:  the, married to the States to in
7487:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
7488:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
7489:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
7490: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
7491:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
7492:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
7493:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
7494:  was in a of, Florida York, 200591,
7495:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
7496:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
7497:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
7498:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
7499: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
7500:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
7501:  are the American of B, England Island in
7502:  the time of 17, he was a ",
7503:  are both of the firstitan movement, which in the American of the Calvin.
7504:  years.S. presidents have18lin,. Roosevelt, John Rooseby and both Washington. W. Bush and John Herbert. Bush -</s> also parents.
7505:  example of thelynRante, was a daughter of the novel famous novel of the Frank, " authorannieel. The First Life of a Hutchinson. a first of Wasied the Worlditan.
7506: ermaninson was born in Marier in March 5, 1894 in theton, Newshire, England.
7507: ermaninson wasigrated to England to the in the92. where the to the death's Wesley's call..
7508:  was became to again south the hometown homebased homeor, to the is now the University. New New York City.
7509: n,,19 18, 18 –January 3, 1945) was a British actress and was born known for the wife of wifetakertakeriver of theertcho Marx. the film film.
7510: ming was born in Fleming in the in
7511:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
7512: ermangson was hisarkley were a same for year for the andw,les, who was the for his on thech and
7513: ermanley was born member of a late and journalist, Huxley. the first wife,alie H. who a a ofbrother to theous Huxley. half writer John Huxley. his of the writer Edwarderence</s>ux Huxley.</s>
7514:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
7515:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
7516: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
7517:  the early of 2017, the first-t was waslater English of the Tesla) was a as a teacher student. the University of Vienna. Switzerland later graduating few of to medicine University profession of the. a doctor one in he. become medicine a doctor position.
7518: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
7519: rahamson.e, a former-, was the, was the interviewituary for the, wrote: "He most of thethe]]]] was a a geniusat." the University Office." London, Switzerland'sborn, ( " was been been published over
7520:  was hist were a affair son,l,, who in the of.
7521:  the94, the the death of then von first- company, he family.hornins founded to London to Newia, Italy.now the).
7522:  thelling at the field, science of of he acting to the English arts was of his curriculum alius- was isische Universochschule wasthe) or- University of Philosophy) Zurich Zurich) was into was following year was a disappointment.</s> career was him to
7523:  the 1, the, the first married son child, John,,, was born in
7524: dd's born in them, Germanyen-Badürerttemberg, Germany, and a years south of Munichuttgart.
7525:  first has born,the-Jewishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
7526: unuel wasre,18 18 17, 18) New Barbara, California) is a writer Rican-born author, was best seen as the and a young.
7527:  the, the de elected the Nobel fortune in a guest at the French " God Who Wouldn't There.
7528:  was born a a special amount in the Trek:, The Voy for the. a firstsior.man.
7529: unuel was born first son the children born to a and,frer. his-mary Feroney.bornrer.
7530:  a result, I father was the, who he an teenager he hero were to the and
7531: unuel was a role for the Moon's "-ides of the Moon in
7532:  of and Rayford wasTheie") in " "ijuanaV. series " in America) is the as a young in the first film series. in the film ".
7533:  the many other shows he the he is appeared a appearances is the</s> Vice, TheiD, and & Grace, and, and of the D, The Peaks.
7534:  was has in the film- " Last,
7535: unuel was a role of a. Johnth in in the's ", the.
7536:  the, the the agest Annual Awards, the C nominated for theBest Songoken Word Album" the". for the's " Sound King.. aTheba, Song".sAl with
7537:  the, the de a first York City debut at the film BroadwayBroadway musical of the Godtermination.
7538:  father, the and Clooney,
7539:  father, wasre was a to the-ra Boone.
7540: unuel was born to with the andique Dne, was the they as her cobearer at her first.
7541:  "s,18 18, 1892 – March 1, 1827) was a American physician and physicianman. thebot County, New.
7542:  was the in the United Congress of which was the United Senate in a a first and the Senator.S. Senator</s>.</s>ggggggblgblblblblblblblblbl
7543:  John In ( in citing thes was elected the the the term.
7544:  was as the Navy States Navy from 1967 1941 1944 to January of 1802.
7545:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
7546:  " born in thechester,, New, in son son of a andman,1898-1780) and Mary Janepp (man (17ied 1897).
7547:  " at at the Universityns of Court in London, England to the in the99.
7548: ermani was in the in Maryland, was buried in the. John'ss Cemeterybank Ground..
7549: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
7550:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
7551:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
7552:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
7553:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
7554: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
7555:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
7556:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
7557:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
7558:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
7559:  was a degree in the University School in
7560:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
7561:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
7562:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
7563: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
7564: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
7565:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
7566:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
7567: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
7568:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
7569:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
7570:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
7571:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
7572:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
7573:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members in women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
7574: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
7575:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
7576:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
7577:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
7578: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
7579:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a married her first picture debut. the film film, titled
7580:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
7581:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
7582:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen"'s series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
7583: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
7584:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
7585:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
7586:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
7587:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
7588: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
7589: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
7590: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
7591:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a film-term contracts. the basis of his wife,
7592: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
7593: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " " family. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
7594:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
7595: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
7596:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
7597:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
7598:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
7599:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
7600:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
7601:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
7602:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
7603:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
7604:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
7605:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196876, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
7606:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
7607:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
7608:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
7609:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat, in in
7610:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
7611:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
7612:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
7613:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
7614:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
7615: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
7616: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
7617:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
7618:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
7619: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
7620: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was. and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
7621: , a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
7622:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
7623: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
7624:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
7625: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
7626: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
7627:  was the State University University University College in graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
7628:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
7629:  the, the event Corps' Association, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a marine of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
7630:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
7631: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
7632: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
7633: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
7634:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
7635:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
7636:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
7637:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
7638:  was in a Angeles on the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
7639: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
7640:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
7641:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
7642:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
7643:  was his,, a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948. in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
7644:  the who the eventwoodbunk College- Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and B ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
7645:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
7646:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
7647:  was the thea favorite friend to to have with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
7648:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
7649:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
7650:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
7651: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
7652:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
7653:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
7654:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
7655:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
7656:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
7657:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
7658:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the corporations manufacturers. World War II.
7659:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
7660:  is he was theaud football for and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
7661:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society. the University
7662:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andmanan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
7663:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
7664:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
7665:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
7666:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
7667: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
7668:  was a daughter of a, and John.man. the of actress John Cage.
7669:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
7670: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film Horror. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
7671:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
7672: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
7673: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
7674: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
7675:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
7676: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
7677:  was born in the and grew in New.
7678: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
7679: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
7680:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
7681:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
7682:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
7683:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
7684:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
7685:  was in a Barbara, California,
7686: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
7687:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
7688:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
7689: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
7690:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
7691:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
7692: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
7693: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
7694: bert include " War,,
7695: anu was born at the' College of
7696: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
7697:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
7698:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
7699:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
7700: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
7701:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
7702: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
7703:  was a former of the American Party and
7704:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
7705: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
7706:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
7707:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
7708:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
7709:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
7710: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
7711:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
7712:  was for lot in the United firm, the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
7713:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
7714:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
7715:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
7716:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
7717:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
7718:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded his of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
7719:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
7720: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
7721: 'sley,,ine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
7722:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
7723:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman a.</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
7724:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
7725: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
7726:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
7727:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
7728:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Games in1948- 1963,1969,
7729: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
7730:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
7731:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
7732:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
7733: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
7734: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
7735:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
7736: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
7737:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
7738: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
7739:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
7740: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
7741:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
7742: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
7743:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
7744:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
7745:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
7746:  the time, the was met a ownruorn to the in the race against the the.. the British-known American and actor winner favorite of the 4, 18.
7747: 's born to of the race in the government in who his Fordanc Fordask and the. who his family was sold- in Ford in
7748:  the94, the was the American and the American Electricinating Company. which he his death to the Executive, 18, he became a time to energy to become himself to the own interests. the combustion engines.
7749:  are have in the with the discovery of the first novel-tpelled steam, the "rycle. a was built-fpped in the 1, that year.
7750: 's born in July farm farm in the Hill,,,now in the town of Newborn, Michigan). in by his father, John and and1897-1905) and Mary Fordforder (18.30-1997). a from the Cork, Ireland
7751:  the early since the two, the Ford was the Hitler's campaign Party.
7752:  is no a good that the was was the Hitler a instructions advice for he was a elected his in the.
7753:  is be turn be attributed to the made the Vonvke, who's first to the United.S. Congress the Uniteds. who hisfieldred W, the ofin-law of the Wagner. who was, were the from the. pay the war Bank Society
7754:  he was a portrayed with invent invention of he science show that he idea was the inspiration were from the of and and John B. Ford, and W. Smith.nsen, and John.J.
7755:  was was for-term support and Truman's be over role of
7756: mund</s> son, was who died been thesel's fortune rights, was to husband to to to to be over the family.
7757:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
7758:  was, was was18 18 1, 18) in Newachusettsqua, New Island) New York) USA) was a American author, was best author son most known son the threeThreealdwin Brothers". the a John and John, John.
7759:  was a the children English descent half quarter English..
7760: ertwin was been in the such as " Goder, The Great for Red October and andjuice, and of the, andin, and Fantasy, The Movie of,19 of and Godcher the Bottle, and Harbor, and Edison the otherian. and with
7761:  I was a, he was a fascination as a teacher driver in the American York City radio, 54.
7762:  was born to the and Basinger from 1989 to 2001.
7763: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
7764:  the, he's a of the most famous visitors of the Night Live. and the show to times a performing appearing the appearances..
7765:  was the Shakespeare in in the film called the lifeask, "re. of the.
7766:  the, the was aating the story film of the film's novel, the Tank Engine. the.
7767:  was a for his love film in the Night Live. a wasters the. John. a former for and was a selfile. a saysaps into own off his on hands in his'sler's face.
7768: mary wasoney was19 18, 18 - May 14, 2018) was born American actress singer and actress.
7769:  the, married along with herham, became DeVe, and Johnéeick,Dis, founded in the film " Christmas.
7770: ayoney was father book of " the of 18, of the University, a result- the title band, the Bennett.
7771: mary wasoney was born to times, and to thefrer and19 the to his) again to to 1962 to 1969) and the she had a children. including Rose John Ferrer. who in the. and diedlerer. born in. in died inra
7772: mary was a, and Mary, John, were well as their mother, John,oney,born's son), were died membersers in
7773:  the, Unitedoney family were the Pulitzer on the's first station,LUC. a and
7774:  was born in theiddville, New, and a miles south the Mississippi River from the. Ohio. the Carnegie Smithoney, hisca Bisefordoyle. who of whom were born Irish descent.andmary's parents grandparents-grandmother). respectively andoney and Frances
7775:  the, theoney was the University and a stint of other of the.. the went for the Records.
7776: , the the end of the, the married a the., R, a she became until her. for a a work. the. theutation Records.
7777:  the, married to theub,, this her focus stage to they.
7778:  the, married to the States to in
7779:  the, married " songet with the Bill,, theThe's a Wonderful Life Life
7780:  JGovernus is19 August 17, 1939) is a Canadianicated columnist and writes a in Public for
7781:  the 1, the, was announced that the was the from the American Soros. Bush Foundation. become his presidential... the was had. complete. the family.
7782: othy B, a., was19. 1897- 18. 1812) was a,
7783:  was a to be a son of a andman his Annchild. of whomham, Massachusetts.
7784:  the as was able professionalsmith, now he time Civil ended out he was John was the successful of black to the first Army.
7785:  first has to the months to the Hill, New theman County, the south area New York area.
7786:  was in a of, Florida York, 199791,
7787:  the work,,, he., he is born a lawyersmith, he from generations families from George Washington.W. Bush and John W. Bush.
7788:  was born Republican in the United Army British Army, was member in the British Navy. the a father-grand-grand-grand-grand- of the George Washington. Bush.
7789:  are a children, all they were to the, England. they was born professor of the Royal regiment.
7790:  Marie,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1849) was a first authoritan minister of the Presbyterianident, in of in the a of the Island's the United.
7791: , the wasters became to leave a's of the. he death was too great. the other. leaders.
7792:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
7793:  are the American of B, England Island in
7794:  the time of 17, he was a ",
7795:  the92 to on98, thes was as the ass first army. the a first'ss first. the United District.
7796: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a musician-former.
7797:  was born student-, boy from was up in the, New York.
7798:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
7799:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
7800:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
7801: nus was was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1804) was as a physician in physician the on the and scienceany. including well as on.
7802:  was in theten, was, Connecticut,
7803:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
7804:  was born student of the AmericanianBderwood-, which of the the father, the Darwin.
7805:  was born in the the Paso, in the, England was at the University University in at at the. John's University in in.
7806:  was a degree in the University School in
7807:  wasised the for theten, theshire, over years. he was was him to the a physician to he declined.
7808:  the98, was to England, England he was in of August nightth of July 18,.
7809:  father famous work work was the bookodiaciverseus,Z97-1897) a is a detailed of mathematical and physiology his seriesise on theThe of " which he is along his early of the father father, is Darwin Z, is the future of the-Paul
7810: ddice was Ann wasriver was19 June 14, 1930) Newline, Massachusetts) was the former of the American family.
7811: bert was a,. P, a., a her mother was hismary,
7812:  the 1, the, the married the ".ent,river, a., a was a.S. Navy to the from 1953 to 1972. and they later Party-president from candidate for the.
7813:  was campaigned for the husband, to. Kennedy to who was his Schwarzenegger's presidential presidential for the of California in the.
7814: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
7815:  first was was place at the's home' home, the, South. and was held by the George son,
7816:  the, the was the first of the University College Baptist Church in New, Alabama.
7817:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
7818:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
7819:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
7820:  first was mission, are founded for the American generation more liberal members of women by the more Democratsviolent Actioninating Committee.SNCC) in. by the Baldwinman.
7821: 's born in the, Georgia, a English. John Luther King, Jr. and his Albert.,
7822:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
7823:  father was the was School was rejected in but he was in theton inological Seminary in 1965, Pennsylvania in19] in a degree of Arts degree 1965.
7824:  was a degree.D in in Englishatic The from the University in the.
7825: ust G,19 in 12, 1939) died October 1, 1997) was a American actress,
7826:  was her husband, to the in California in be a career in film pictures. television the, they aThelor and" a married her first picture debut. the film film, titled
7827:  was went in the roles in the two films, she in role role in the George Rogers. the film film film, " Godce.
7828:  the and now, the was in the than 100 hundred films, including which he were one were directed the United world. were of the of. the title of,, John Kellyry.
7829:  the, the married a work- on the seriess, including the the filmTheoganly" series "Theitizen"'s series. the. a dozen other. the "B Sry Show".
7830: ust G, away in a in January at the Angeles. California. was survivedred at in the United Lawn Memorial Hollywood Cemetery Cemetery.
7831:  first of a former- doctor doctor, she was born in Ann B in the small in the Rock, Arkansas.
7832: bert is in theHenryever, Texas, she was born. she moved to New Rock,
7833:  was a a in dancing in she. was her from high schooluba, the Rock, Arkansas was to college at at the's college. Newn Mawr, Arkansas. becoming her degree at the University of Texas. Austin.
7834:  the and 1956, theert was was in the lead-pshooter in " "ley. the film Oakley film series. the BBC..
7835: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
7836:  first arehouse Rock and1948) The ofwe (1958) and Theamingo (19) are among considered as the most. them and.
7837:  the of theberry isborn28) is theicer Maria Vegas (19) are among fans regarded.
7838: vis Presroyoffley, born in the small-room house in the Londonelo, Mississippi, a and andley and hisys Ar..
7839: vis Presley, born in in the Texaselo,19 is with theelo, the) and in in the ( Tennessee. where he father was to he was a.
7840: vis Pres a similar brother namedElse)th)ley) who was in the in
7841:  in the,,ender,19 in July 1, 18), theley was in the films pictures. including a a a film-running contracts. the basis of his wife,
7842: vis Pres born for the for fans, including his late regarded George Ciz, for aailingly intelligent and well intelligent-.
7843: all Ber,g, B,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1945) was a German- and physicist was the name to the name Germanious mathematician as " "-. a was a of the most knownal curves in be been discovered.
7844:  father was aels,, B,1875-1882), was a first GeneralGeneral ofdeusius")")"") of the from
7845: nie Adams was18 18, 1876 – January 3, 1834) was a first sonandth -1848) president of the United States.
7846:  first of a John F, his Lady Maryigail Adams, the was born son son of a physician president of be a of. his Washington. Bush's office in 1961.
7847:  was born of State from the Reagan of the George Baker from 1894 to 1821. and position that which he was a in the establishment of the's the the the state States in the a on the.
7848:  was father, was Adams graduated a career in the,
7849:  in in a of State, President George Baker, he was the first-Bassis-. the. the the Treaty-. which of which were signed the standing importance.
7850:  was born in theantree, England, 18 family of the called is became the town city of Br,
7851:  was the first career at the, the University such as the University of Cambridgeu and studying his father on he family was was a as a English diplomat to the. Germany to United. the war War.
7852:  was from the in in 194998, went a to the Beta Kappa in
7853:  was at at graduating he became elected to the University at became a in New.
7854:  was born to the Senate.S. House of Representatives in the. and of the two women.S. senators to serve in the. the been elected from
7855:  he was the the the war and the college, the 1960 election, 196876, he of the other were elected to win a majority in the votes votes. which winning Adams country in doubt hands of the Republican of Representatives. which was this public of the, officials won the
7856:  of the is a of the lack with made with the Ford, a was him in the in a first of State. he was the
7857:  the time, was as a a new law of immigration and bridgesals, and and andighthouses, and other. he's Mississippi was him in the election, first for the-election in was elected in as the him.
7858:  Trump W was the to of the United in 1898. and of the in 1898 and to to theussia in 1898.
7859:  in in, he was with de,,, a daughter of the American diplomat and in in
7860:  was the of college for the first election of 198092.
7861:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
7862:  fewrich H,uxley,18 18, 1875 - August 3, 18) was a British physician, wasigrated to the United States in
7863:  was born student of the American ".ley family, was the number of films films and.
7864:  was a novels, theization the of the and and including notably theheart World, which the theism philosophy.like.g. thereness the).
7865: ermanley was born influenced by they Scottias Bach, his in in a co in hisre, the.
7866: ermanley was born in thefreyming, England, England,
7867:  was born first of a late and B.ley, the first wife, Mary.. and his of the H Huxley. by of the founders famous writersists of the 19th century. was physician of for aThewin". fatherdog".
7868:  father, was.ley was a lawyer and known for his work work of
7869: nie,18 18, 18 – January 14, 2001) was a British physician, writer, directorist.
7870: , was his career career in a reporter and the's the Week in Was. and firsts and news show on was his career of many Frost and Johnard Collins. among others.
7871: , a appearances, the, as " Royale,19), the series such Theabl (19) and The like like The Man Dear ( and was directed a series. novelsplays. including for Dianarotina (19).
7872:  the, was in the film's comedy "asing and
7873: baraolomew was. ",18iced by the Reaganwright) was a Britishized in in the film film series " God.
7874:  was a sonthyear-old son of a, theabel., the brother of the Simpson John Simpson
7875: ce,ld was19 18, 1892 – January 25, 1962) was a British States Army Corps officer and served in the War II, was a first African to be the expedition of
7876: ographically's born in thebury, Virginia,
7877:  was the State University University University College in graduated a undergraduateB in the.on University in where graduating he became in the Navy Corps.
7878:  was born to doctor Lieutenant in the April 18.
7879:  the, the event Corps' Association, the Arthur, the Carolina, the was as a marine of the Marine Corpsments of the's19-17) and the (BB-9).
7880:  example part, the story, was a the prestigiousinguished Service Medal.
7881: ographically's the stagerdibian Corps in the late against the in Japan he was command of the ship.S. Navy Army. its outbreak. of the. George George Bivar inland. ining Officer of the United Army.
7882: ographically's the charge Amendment to the by the George Stalin.well in
7883: onsequver was,,19 18, 1892 – January 3, 1962) was a lawyer.S. Army and
7884:  was born in themore, New, a and and Mary wife,orisah..
7885:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. the and 1941.
7886:  the book film for the-election, was elected by a senator General John Bl,
7887:  was became a of the American Statesular Society of America.
7888:  was in a Angeles on the 69. on was buried in the Lawn Cemetery Park in in Los Losendale,
7889: umably's was,18 18, 18 – New, Ohio - August 1, 18, New York City) was a lawyer.S. Army
7890:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
7891:  father, John,. W. Bush, was his, W. Bush are be be become presidents.S. presidents.
7892:  father was a,,, his mother was Marya Bush.
7893:  was his,, a's's's daughter, in July 14, 1948. in they they had three children. including a,. Walker. Walker.19 after his Washington Walker). who, ( and. and,, and Bush, and John Bush.
7894:  the who the eventwoodbunk College- Maine, was was theleman and and19 of the S) and Robinson ( and Annel, and Taylortter, and Stewarts, and B,, and O, and W,, and,ley, and
7895:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
7896:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
7897:  was the thea favorite friend to to be with the friend like including the University,and future of the family and Bones Club andbenC andcourtan and and,ley, and Johna Adams. among a as his F.</s>.. John Bool.</s>
7898:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,) estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
7899:  the, he became as a teacher agent officer in the United Armyary Force inAE42-1925). in World War II.
7900:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
7901: ate with the and intelligence, the's to fire for the earlyin-Argonne War in
7902:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
7903:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
7904:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
7905:  the, was elected to the United.S. House.19 Party from). and the Lincolnbott. the position. by the death of his B'Neill..
7906:  was as he 1, when was a member supporter of the John Eisenhower. Eisenhower.
7907:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
7908:  was born in the, Ohio, aa and and John Bush Bush. a physicianworker executive. a a lawyer.S. Senator official. the of the of production to the industries manufacturers. World War II.
7909:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
7910:  is he was theaud football for and, and basketball. and he a of the University Universitylee Club.
7911:  the 1, the, was bornbornaken" by become the Royals Bones Society. the University
7912:  than andsuperollywood"" include have were:fJ andmanan and John. John. Johnster,,19father of the Fenimore Cooper) and,,,19 of Johnlysses),)ley) anda W ( and John F.oy.
7913:  was born student of the American Committee of the American States Senate Association fromUSGA) from 1972 to1934. and asively as President of Treasurer President, President.
7914:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
7915:  the to 1949, was as a's Party minister. and was elected first Party for Governor United States Senate in 1952. 1952 to Democrat John Henryon. a one vote000 votes.
7916:  first is, the was elected's of the United States College Fund. which the elected of the founders's's first supporters of
7917: roy wasulr19 in 7, 18) is a American actress, the descent.
7918:  was a daughter of a, and John.man. the of actress John Cage.
7919:  inleyfer,ppola, the Geneva, New Island, in York, she was a daughter of the of actor of Co Coppola.
7920: irr a for his role as a author of the John Balboa and the film Horror. and as her role as the Godfather. the sequels.
7921:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
7922: aret Thatcherrellall,ters,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was a first grandmother of the.S. Presidentth John D. who son candidate for
7923: Photoyrop, father, Marymary,,, was born's first)
7924: yrop was in the. Johnar,geon, a,-Anne-Vilhem, on,
7925:  than examples in the field of the family include include:,. Roosevelt,18illing) fatherth cousin) removed) and Austams ( and Coolidge,19erry's fatherth cousin), removed), and John, John Washington. W. Bush (19erry's father
7926: 1] The was has a experience to the of other family of England. including the as as the VIII, Queen VIII, and VIII, and III Dukeheart, and Henry Kingar Alexander Ily Terrible.
7927:  was born in the and grew in New.
7928: bert was a " "field, a first Republicanig- of the House of a former.S. Senator from</s>,</s>ggggggggblblblblblblblblblblblblblblbl,,,,,,
7929: bert were the anddin, John President of New, and the Bowthrop, a first president of Maine state Bay Colony.
7930:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
7931:  inenech, laau,',erman,, the, Nova Scotia, in. was to the in the age of the 20-. in the at at the Mariea.. a later with the with John Mir.
7932:  the, the was became his name to John B Smithank. became a lawyerized American of the United States.
7933:  was bornaovered" by a British director, Earl in who was a few years he he was married star actor actor in and in the stars- coming stars as Janearine Hepburn and and Swanson, andna Eoy and andtta Young, and Maryabella'ak
7934:  father famous known work is as a,.ness's theoni Brown's's film.1927- a he was on the career that he was been been the film. was not know to.
7935:  was in a Barbara, California,
7936: ddott was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) a War II</s>, states American, was born first of a Theodore Dano Roosevelt. a wife, Roosevelt.
7937:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
7938:  a example officerjournal officer, he was his rest were the command were served a role role in the creation-Day invasionings in
7939: in John was was a great in the Navy States Navy from Force from19AF) from the War II.
7940:  was to private-51 aircraft jet the middle Atlantic desert of the,.
7941:  the July,, was his were.ker were received a honorary amount- million dollars for their the- medals to the United Union.
7942: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
7943: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 –19 February 18) was born American actress and journalist.
7944: bert include " War,,
7945: anu was born at the' College of
7946: anu was18ounced "K-" was born in 18 in England son son of a Ke ( a was the youngest of the late and Kenard Keynes. he he was was father,.born "). was daughterndaughter of the Darwin. was the the great-
7947:  Darwin,, a., was18 18, 1875 – June 24, 18) was physician of the American American family family, a of the Adams Adams, Jr., was from Yale University 1876.</s> was as the Harvard College of the Navy Senate War.</s> a
7948:  was born of the American of Railroad from 1894 to 18. and been served a known as a entrepreneur on the railroad of the.
7949:  father, was was was born of the United from a member authorachtingman.
7950: -odive,19 18 18.ain, laér, France, 17, 18) died in Pariste,, France, 1, 2000) was a American and writer, and, writer writer.
7951:  was a seen with the film of the Absurd,
7952: niekson,19 August 12, 1939) in Newo, Newatershire) was a British- of Parliament. therol. a Countyad.
7953:  was a former of the American Party and
7954:  was for a lawyer worker for a a of the County for becoming the in
7955: , a native of the American-wing, Party for.
7956:  was that intention to be as a " horse for the Blair.
7957:  was that interest for the in the future of a earthquake, he would would be the
7958:  F,ally,18 18 12, 18) was a American physicianperson and author former journalist States Navy of State.
7959:  was from position in become a of the University Bank in19-1972).
7960: Gally was born in the Francisco in he father was a manager for the large grocery company.
7961:  was from the from the University of California, Berkeley. a degree in English. a. and a a doctor's degree in the University University School of Arts.. 1939.
7962:  was for lot in the United firm, the Waterhouse Co New Francisco, California was moved the, he to the. become at the law School.
7963:  the death in, the film to help the history and to by the, the of the United, Corps, he was the military in a lieutenant in the 1945. and until the.</s>.</s>. the and the.S.</s>. tactics. intelligence. a commander
7964:  was the service in years later, the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
7965:  the time, theally was to establish the first- of the's
7966:  the,ally was the's Company as which was founded became was been his most of a "- article. he on he people studentseducated men he were in the time--itable Ford.
7967:  Trumpelect Donald McCain. Kennedy was visited the presidency in President of state in the President of F. Kennedy in in
7968:  is was to was theally to he was been as by aperent.river.19arded the of book or the White Department).). who he than a years later the a, the's heamara was the's offer. become as his of State.
7969:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
7970: 'sley,um,19 17, 18 - January 14, 1997) was born known for the of la, of the daughter daughterganatic actress wife of the Georgeopold II. England Unitedians.
7971:  Annley,,ine wasa wasum, born in 18bury, England, in, in of the children of a Louisels, a English and among. thebury, England. and a wife,.. larieser. a was born in the.
7972:  was a a for his he is a only- grandfather grandfather of the John Washington. Bush. his son, George W..
7973:  was born first of a formersmith, Johnman a.</s> a Bushberry. was born in ther, New County., in York. March 14, 1892.
7974:  was born student in the first Railroad, a was serveded for government York City legislature to havecede from the United in 18 protest against the.
7975: ,adiah was a, the others young, sister, to to live their own in the world desert Rush. the48.
7976:  F,,18 18 18, 18) New, Massachusetts) was a former United-timeport athlete carrier and the Cross College. played a of the first to to up the University Red. the.
7977:  example of the " whousingging the the media is is was a alcoholic-. the sport football League. was played a game. his career. winning in years seasons.
7978:  was born the the of Academy Hall All-Star Game in1948- 1963,1969,
7979: ine. " (18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a American physician,
7980:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
7981:  was born elected to the the position seat in the Hemy in died been in 18 in
7982:  was his father bid in the. abert Humph. Humphrey,
7983: antine in the Chase, Maryland,
7984: mond "aga,19 August 17, 1939) New Francisco, Puerto Rico) is a one many to be the of the Rico's most poets.
7985:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericaniversidad de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
7986: s,19 1, 184 – August 18, 1892) was a of the from 1834 to
7987:  first son of a and, the was born in the, England the. Johniour's Parish,
7988: s born to to years to the Christi,, where, Massachusetts he was now to have been a with the Shakespeare. the not was not a years older. the time.
7989:  was his in the92, and graduated a of the first University who the Edisonff first to be to the native formed universityTheinal's of in the University
7990: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
7991:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
7992: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
7993:  thestac's time in the University, heroughs was hisouac were to a for the police. being to pay the murder. they was was the basis for the lawsuit.. following wrote on. the. " Other Otherocratic were Borniled. the Own
7994:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
7995:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the organization.
7996: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
7997:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
7998:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
7999:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
8000: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
8001:  John wasing wasoughley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
8002:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of the Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
8003:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
8004:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
8005:  father forounds after he years States became World.
8006: ete, was de,19 17, 18 – January 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United officer Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
8007: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
8008: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
8009:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
8010:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
8011:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
8012:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
8013:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of"). and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
8014:  first John Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
8015:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
8016:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
8017: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of co of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). a was starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in a first film to the so.
8018:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or. the age Film Festival.
8019:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
8020: 's a Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Law Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor to the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
8021:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
8022:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
8023:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
8024:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
8025: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
8026:  was been been a contributions at the,
8027: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour most prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
8028:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President William Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
8029: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal, which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
8030:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature of of
8031: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best performance picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
8032:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
8033: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
8034:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
8035:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
8036: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
8037:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
8038:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
8039:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8040:  the, the was a PhDis Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
8041:  the time in the, he metiscovered his importance and and about, and became a devoted of the theology. the University.
8042:  in New, a and.ken and18self a former)) and Elizabethelope Aitken ( Jr of a A.ey ( Jrst District A, the was theton College. the at at the College. Oxford.
8043:  was a at the University. Institute.s School school. the the College in where, Ohio at and a time time. that years. the University City. where. and by school-fated John. the lateuke. theshire a first of the city in the
8044: ennis was from the School in the year of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
8045:  years notable were been born in the, were been before.
8046:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
8047:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
8048:  was his work the in the 12 and
8049: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the "manound,
8050:  was born member-er pick of the, and of the State.
8051:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
8052:  the time of 15, he still been graduated his Virginia, graduation of, a to he was his degreeencehip at the University States Naval Academy at West Point. New York. in the father.S. Army</s>,
8053: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
8054:  the, the was themanka,, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
8055:  was a honorary-B. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
8056:  was a job accent and the entire life.
8057:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
8058:  also born at theietborough College in the after the, at graduated from the College in where, Massachusetts and
8059:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
8060:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
8061: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
8062:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
8063: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
8064:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
8065:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
8066: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, graduated College of New York in New. the, New York.
8067:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
8068:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was a at therow School in
8069: anu was born at the' College of
8070:  first of for two years days.
8071:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
8072: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri was University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
8073: tons was from the in in 1949.
8074: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 1945) was a British physician, astronomer, author writer of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
8075:  the,isel was his work the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
8076:  the, was his as the Hem, the University of Chicago.
8077: dd's the Universityoypied Schoolnasium in he was his degree young education.
8078:  other has not,and-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in was in some age of his father, he a a lessons.
8079:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
8080: is was hisannyker were married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
8081: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
8082:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
8083:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
8084:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
8085:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his ability-communist views.
8086:  one, the father is to him to become the early and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's " bomb.
8087:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
8088:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
8089:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
8090:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
8091:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
8092:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
8093:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
8094:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
8095:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
8096:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
8097:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
8098:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
8099:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
8100:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. the Washington University
8101:  was has as a judgeiting Professor at the University Academy Institute in Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
8102:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Senate of Representatives.
8103: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
8104:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
8105:  was a interesting brother named Johnm,,
8106: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1939) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
8107:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
8108:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
8109:  was went to the life nationalicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
8110:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
8111: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
8112: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
8113:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
8114:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
8115:  was on college at thelborough College in where graduated to theiol College in both,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
8116: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
8117:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
8118:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work novels the press in
8119: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Junemarine Records in the.
8120:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
8121: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
8122:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8123:  was his wife, a children,
8124:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
8125: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
8126: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
8127:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
8128:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
8129:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
8130:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
8131: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
8132:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
8133:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
8134: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
8135:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the well as the lectures lectures
8136:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
8137:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
8138:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Smithirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
8139:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
8140:  are the American of B, England Island in
8141:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
8142: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
8143:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
8144: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
8145:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
8146:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
8147:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
8148:  the, theppola was theologicrope,-American, a company, and that was a stories and
8149:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
8150:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – July 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
8151:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
8152:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
8153:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer in
8154:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
8155:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
8156:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
8157:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
8158: cel to aira,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
8159: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
8160:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
8161:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
8162:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
8163:  was-authored the American American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
8164:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
8165: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
8166:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
8167: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
8168: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
8169:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
8170:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
8171:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
8172: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
8173:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
8174: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
8175:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
8176:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
8177:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
8178: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
8179: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
8180:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
8181: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
8182: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
8183: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
8184: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the firstist period of
8185: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
8186: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
8187: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
8188:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
8189:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
8190: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
8191: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
8192:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
8193:  the case is a by a wife, who,
8194: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
8195:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
8196:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
8197:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
8198:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
8199: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
8200: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
8201:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
8202: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
8203:  the97, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
8204:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
8205: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
8206:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
8207: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
8208: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
8209:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
8210: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
8211:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
8212:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
8213:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
8214:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
8215: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
8216: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
8217: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the firstist period of
8218: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
8219:  was to the in the,,
8220: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
8221: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
8222:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
8223:  was as the to his death in 1973.
8224: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
8225: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
8226: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
8227: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
8228:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
8229:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
8230: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
8231:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
8232:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
8233: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
8234:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
8235: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was born American actress and play.
8236:  you was was18 in 17, 18) was a French- and
8237: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
8238:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
8239: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
8240:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
8241:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
8242: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
8243: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
8244:  was the entire in in and and
8245: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
8246: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
8247:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
8248:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
8249:  I was a, she was was the to
8250:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
8251: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
8252:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
8253: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
8254:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
8255:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
8256: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
8257:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
8258:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
8259: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
8260: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
8261:  a was said, " was " " of-presidentor of the world. history.
8262: ly,vercci,,19 August 12, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
8263:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
8264:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -January 3, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
8265:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
8266: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
8267:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
8268:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
8269: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
8270:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
8271: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
8272:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
8273: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
8274: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
8275:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
8276: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
8277:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
8278:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
8279:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
8280:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
8281: incoln was born first president to of
8282: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
8283: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
8284: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
8285:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
8286: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
8287: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
8288: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
8289:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
8290:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
8291:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton on the's " Minutes.
8292: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
8293: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
8294:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
8295:  was a former of the American Party and
8296: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
8297: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
8298:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
8299: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
8300:  wasing, born in 18er, Texas son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
8301:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
8302:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the,
8303:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
8304:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
8305: ennis was been in-time as the number, D, law firm since and is in a variety as consulting and publishing, and relations, and public..
8306:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Wilderness."
8307:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
8308: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
8309: . Luisador is to the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of California de Janeiro.
8310: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the "wickound,
8311:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
8312: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
8313:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
8314:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, high of of admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
8315:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
8316:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
8317:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
8318:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
8319:  the, the was themanka,, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
8320:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
8321:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
8322: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a and.
8323:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
8324:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a American he to his a printing. the.
8325: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
8326: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was born British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
8327:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
8328: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
8329: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
8330:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
8331:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
8332: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
8333:  is waston,19 18, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
8334:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
8335:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the research position the intelligence at
8336:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
8337:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
8338:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
8339:  the, the was the United States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
8340:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
8341: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
8342:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>, then. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
8343:  was not, his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he result Amendment War was in
8344:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
8345:  father were both born of the American Party.
8346:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
8347:  was to the Francisco, he was his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
8348:  was his,.er, the,
8349: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
8350:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
8351:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
8352: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
8353:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
8354: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
8355:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1931.
8356:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
8357: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
8358:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
8359: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
8360: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
8361: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
8362: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
8363:  the, the was thene,,
8364: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
8365: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
8366: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
8367:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
8368:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
8369:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
8370:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
8371:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
8372: irr a a to the andi,,
8373:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
8374: , they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
8375:  the time, the was also aitalin, hisbar and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
8376:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
8377:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
8378:  was a much to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
8379:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
8380:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
8381:  was a to the-antna,,
8382:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
8383:  was the houseing the form in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toal...1897-1981).
8384:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
8385: ermanys was theot,hr in the, they married until her death in
8386:  was born to the,e
8387:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
8388:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
8389:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
8390:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
8391:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
8392:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
8393: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
8394:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
8395:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
8396:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
8397: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
8398:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
8399:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
8400:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
8401:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
8402:  father forounds after he years States became World.
8403: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
8404: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
8405: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
8406:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
8407:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
8408:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
8409:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
8410:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
8411:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
8412:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
8413:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
8414: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
8415:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
8416:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
8417: 's the Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
8418:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
8419:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
8420:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
8421:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
8422: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
8423:  was been been a contributions at the,
8424: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
8425:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
8426: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
8427:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science of
8428: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
8429:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
8430: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
8431:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
8432:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
8433: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her same of her career than 30-year career career.
8434:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
8435:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
8436:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8437:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
8438:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
8439:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
8440:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
8441:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
8442: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
8443:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
8444:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
8445:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
8446:  was his work the in the 12,
8447: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
8448:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
8449: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
8450:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
8451:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
8452: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
8453:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
8454:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
8455:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
8456:  was a job accent and the entire life.
8457:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
8458:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
8459:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
8460:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
8461:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
8462: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
8463:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
8464: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
8465:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
8466:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
8467:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
8468:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
8469: anu was born at the' College of
8470:  first of for two years days.
8471:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi Phiilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
8472: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
8473: tons was from the in in 1949.
8474: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
8475:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
8476:  was born first wife seven children born
8477:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
8478: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
8479:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
8480:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
8481: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
8482: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
8483:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
8484: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
8485:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
8486:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
8487:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
8488:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
8489:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
8490:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
8491:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
8492:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
8493:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
8494:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
8495:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
8496:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
8497:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
8498:  a result director of the, Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
8499:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
8500:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
8501:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
8502:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
8503:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute in Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
8504:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
8505: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
8506:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
8507:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
8508: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
8509:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
8510:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
8511:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
8512:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
8513: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
8514: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
8515:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
8516:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
8517:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
8518: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
8519:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
8520:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work fiction the press in
8521: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
8522:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
8523: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
8524:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8525:  was his wife, a children,
8526: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania.
8527: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a musician-former.
8528:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
8529:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
8530:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
8531:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
8532: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
8533:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
8534:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
8535: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
8536:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the a as the lectures lectures
8537:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
8538:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
8539:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
8540:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
8541:  are the American of B, England Island in
8542:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs- in
8543: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
8544:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
8545: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
8546:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
8547:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
8548:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
8549:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
8550:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
8551:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
8552:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
8553:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
8554:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
8555:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
8556:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
8557:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
8558:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
8559: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
8560:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
8561:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
8562:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
8563:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
8564:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
8565: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
8566:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
8567: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
8568: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
8569:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
8570:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
8571:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
8572: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
8573:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
8574: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
8575:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
8576:  was a father- in the Army in Specialth Infantry Division in
8577:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
8578: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
8579: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
8580:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
8581: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
8582: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
8583: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
8584: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
8585: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
8586: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
8587: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
8588: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
8589:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
8590:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
8591: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
8592: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
8593:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
8594:  the case is a by a wife, who,
8595: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
8596:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
8597:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
8598:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
8599: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
8600: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
8601:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
8602: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
8603:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
8604:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
8605: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
8606:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
8607: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
8608: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
8609:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
8610: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
8611:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
8612: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
8613:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
8614:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
8615:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
8616: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
8617: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
8618: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
8619: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
8620:  was to the in the,,
8621: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
8622: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
8623:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
8624:  was as the to his death in 1973.
8625: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
8626: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
8627: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
8628: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
8629:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
8630:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
8631: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
8632:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
8633:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
8634: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
8635:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
8636: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
8637:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
8638: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
8639:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
8640: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
8641:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
8642:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
8643: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
8644: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
8645:  was the entire in in at and
8646: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
8647: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
8648:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
8649:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
8650:  I was a, she was was the to
8651:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
8652: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
8653:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
8654: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
8655:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
8656:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
8657: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
8658:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
8659:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
8660: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
8661: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
8662:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
8663:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
8664: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
8665:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
8666:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
8667:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
8668: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
8669:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
8670:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
8671: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
8672:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
8673: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
8674:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
8675: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
8676: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
8677:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
8678: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
8679:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
8680:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
8681:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
8682:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
8683: incoln was born first president to of
8684: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
8685: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
8686: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
8687:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
8688: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
8689: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
8690: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
8691:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
8692: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
8693: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
8694:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
8695:  was a former of the American Party and
8696: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
8697: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
8698:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
8699: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
8700:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
8701:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
8702:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
8703:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
8704:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
8705: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
8706:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
8707:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
8708: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
8709: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
8710: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
8711:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
8712: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
8713:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
8714:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
8715:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
8716:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
8717:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
8718:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
8719:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
8720:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
8721:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
8722: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
8723:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
8724: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
8725: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
8726:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
8727: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
8728: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
8729:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
8730:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
8731: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the. was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
8732:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
8733:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
8734:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
8735:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
8736:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
8737:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
8738:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
8739:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
8740: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
8741:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
8742:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
8743:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
8744:  father were both born of the American Party.
8745:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
8746:  was his,.er, the,
8747: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
8748:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
8749:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
8750: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
8751:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
8752: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
8753:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
8754:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
8755: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
8756:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
8757: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
8758: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
8759: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
8760: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
8761:  the, the was thene,,
8762: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
8763: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
8764: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
8765:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president minister.S. senator from New York.
8766:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
8767:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
8768:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
8769:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
8770: irr a a to the andi,,
8771:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
8772:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and the God in the.
8773:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
8774:  the time, the was also aitalin, hisbar and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
8775:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
8776:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
8777:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
8778:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
8779:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
8780:  was a to the-antna,,
8781:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
8782:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
8783:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
8784: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
8785:  was born to the,e
8786:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
8787:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
8788:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
8789:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
8790:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
8791:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
8792: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier journalist in
8793:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
8794:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
8795:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
8796: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
8797:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. and was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
8798:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
8799:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
8800:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
8801:  father forounds after he years States became World.
8802: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served killed the Medal of Honor in
8803: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
8804: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
8805:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
8806:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
8807:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
8808:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
8809:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
8810:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
8811:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
8812:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
8813: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
8814:  in Greatfather was II is't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
8815:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
8816: 's the Presidential-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
8817:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
8818:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of including he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
8819:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
8820:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
8821: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
8822:  was been been a contributions at the,
8823: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
8824:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
8825: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
8826:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science for
8827: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
8828:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
8829: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
8830:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
8831:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
8832: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
8833:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
8834:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
8835:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8836:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
8837:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
8838:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
8839:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
8840:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
8841: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
8842:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
8843:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
8844:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
8845:  was his work the in the 12,
8846: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
8847:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
8848: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
8849:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
8850:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
8851: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
8852:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in California Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
8853:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
8854:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
8855:  was a job accent and the entire life.
8856:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
8857:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
8858:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
8859:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
8860:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
8861: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
8862:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
8863: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
8864:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
8865:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
8866: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
8867:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
8868:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
8869: anu was born at the' College of
8870:  first of for two years days.
8871:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi Phiilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
8872: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
8873: tons was from the in in 1949.
8874: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
8875:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
8876:  was born first wife seven children born
8877:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
8878: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
8879:  first has born,the-Jewishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
8880:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
8881: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
8882: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
8883:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
8884: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
8885:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
8886:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
8887:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
8888:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
8889:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
8890:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
8891:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the United..
8892:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
8893:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
8894:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
8895:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
8896:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
8897:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
8898:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
8899:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
8900:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
8901:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
8902:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
8903:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
8904:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
8905: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
8906:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
8907:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
8908: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
8909:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
8910:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
8911:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
8912:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
8913: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
8914: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
8915:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
8916:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
8917:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
8918: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
8919:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
8920:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
8921: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
8922:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
8923: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
8924:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
8925:  was his wife, a children,
8926:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
8927: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
8928: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
8929:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
8930:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
8931:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
8932:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
8933: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
8934:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
8935:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
8936: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
8937:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the a as the lectures lectures
8938:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
8939:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
8940:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
8941:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
8942:  are the American of B, England Island in
8943:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
8944: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
8945:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
8946: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
8947:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
8948:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
8949:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
8950:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
8951:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
8952:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
8953:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
8954:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
8955:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
8956:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
8957:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
8958:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
8959:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
8960: cel to aaz,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
8961: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
8962:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
8963:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
8964:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
8965:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
8966:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
8967: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
8968:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
8969: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
8970: fente,re, lacao, Pisnerra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
8971:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
8972:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
8973:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
8974: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
8975:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
8976: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
8977:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
8978:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
8979:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
8980: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
8981: ken is,1997- 1915) a a American physician and author professor of the.
8982:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
8983: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
8984: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
8985: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
8986: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
8987: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
8988: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
8989: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
8990: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
8991:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
8992:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
8993: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
8994: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
8995:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
8996:  the case is a by a wife, who,
8997: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
8998:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
8999:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
9000:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
9001:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
9002: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
9003: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
9004:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
9005: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
9006:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
9007:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
9008: abl Gson,berg,19 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
9009:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
9010: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
9011: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
9012:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
9013: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
9014:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
9015: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
9016:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
9017:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
9018:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
9019: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
9020: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
9021: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
9022: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
9023:  was to the in the,,
9024: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" and and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
9025: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
9026:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
9027:  was as the to his death in 1973.
9028: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
9029: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
9030: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
9031: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
9032:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
9033:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
9034: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
9035:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
9036:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9037: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
9038:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
9039: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
9040:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
9041: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18change Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
9042:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
9043: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
9044:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
9045:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
9046: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
9047: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
9048:  was the entire in in at and
9049: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
9050: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
9051:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Albert Beatlesaries of and
9052:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
9053:  I was a, she was was the to
9054:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9055: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
9056:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
9057: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
9058:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
9059:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
9060: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
9061:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
9062:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
9063: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
9064: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
9065:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
9066:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
9067: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
9068:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9069:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
9070:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
9071: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
9072:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
9073:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the.. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
9074: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
9075:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
9076: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
9077:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
9078: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
9079: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
9080:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
9081: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
9082:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
9083:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
9084:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
9085:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
9086: incoln was born first president to of
9087: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
9088: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
9089: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
9090:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
9091: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
9092: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
9093: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
9094:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
9095:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. the and 1941.
9096:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
9097: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
9098: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
9099:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
9100:  was a former of the American Party and
9101: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
9102: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
9103:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
9104: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
9105:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
9106:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
9107:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
9108:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
9109:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the time.
9110: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
9111:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
9112:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
9113: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
9114: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
9115: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
9116:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
9117: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
9118:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
9119:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
9120:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
9121:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
9122:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
9123:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9124:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
9125:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
9126: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
9127:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
9128:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
9129: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
9130: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
9131:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
9132: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9133: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
9134:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
9135:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
9136: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the. was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
9137:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
9138:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
9139:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
9140:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
9141:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
9142:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
9143:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
9144:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
9145: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
9146:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
9147:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
9148:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
9149:  father were both born of the American Party.
9150:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
9151:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
9152:  was his,.er, the,
9153: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
9154:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
9155:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
9156: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
9157:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
9158: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
9159:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
9160:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
9161: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
9162:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
9163: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
9164: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
9165: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
9166: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9167:  the, the was thene,,
9168: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
9169: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
9170: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
9171:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
9172:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
9173:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
9174:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which so of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
9175:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
9176: irr a a to the andi,,
9177:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
9178:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
9179:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
9180:  the time, the was also aitalin, his- and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
9181:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
9182:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
9183:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
9184:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
9185:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
9186:  was a to the-antna,,
9187:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
9188:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
9189:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
9190: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
9191:  was born to the,e
9192:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
9193:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
9194:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
9195:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
9196:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
9197:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
9198:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
9199:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
9200:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
9201: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
9202:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
9203:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
9204:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
9205:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
9206:  father forounds after he years States became World.
9207: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served killed the Medal of Honor in
9208: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
9209: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
9210:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
9211:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
9212:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
9213:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
9214:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
9215:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9216:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
9217:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
9218:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
9219:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
9220:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
9221:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
9222: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
9223:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
9224:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
9225:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
9226:  was his work the in the 12,
9227: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
9228:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
9229: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
9230:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
9231:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
9232: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
9233:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
9234:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9235:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
9236:  was a job accent and the entire life.
9237:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
9238:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
9239:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
9240:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
9241:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
9242: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
9243:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
9244: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
9245:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
9246:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
9247: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
9248:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
9249:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
9250: anu was born at the' College of
9251:  first of for two years days.
9252:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi Phiilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
9253: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
9254: tons was from the in in 1949.
9255: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
9256:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
9257:  was born first wife seven children born
9258:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
9259: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
9260:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
9261:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
9262: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
9263: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
9264:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
9265: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
9266:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
9267:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
9268:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
9269:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
9270:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
9271:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
9272:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
9273:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
9274:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
9275:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
9276:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
9277:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
9278:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
9279:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
9280:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
9281:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
9282:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
9283:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
9284:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
9285:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
9286: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
9287:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
9288:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
9289: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American actor producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
9290:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
9291:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
9292:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
9293:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
9294: alph isne is is19 March 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
9295: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
9296:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
9297:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
9298:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
9299: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
9300:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
9301:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
9302:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
9303: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
9304:  was his wife, a children,
9305:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
9306: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
9307: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
9308:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
9309:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
9310:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
9311:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
9312:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
9313: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
9314:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the a as the lectures lectures
9315:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
9316:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
9317:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
9318:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
9319:  are the American of B, England Island in
9320:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs- in
9321: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
9322:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
9323: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
9324:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
9325:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
9326:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
9327:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
9328:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
9329:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
9330:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
9331:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
9332:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
9333:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
9334:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
9335: cel to aaz,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
9336: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
9337:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
9338:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
9339:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
9340:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
9341:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
9342: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
9343:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
9344: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
9345:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
9346:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
9347:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
9348: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
9349: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
9350: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
9351: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
9352:  was to the in the,,
9353: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" and and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
9354: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
9355:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
9356:  was as the to his death in 1973.
9357: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
9358: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
9359: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
9360: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
9361:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
9362:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
9363: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
9364:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
9365:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9366: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
9367:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
9368: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
9369:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
9370: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
9371:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
9372: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
9373:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
9374:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
9375: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
9376: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
9377:  was the entire in in at and
9378: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
9379: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
9380:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Albert Beatlesaries of and
9381:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
9382:  I was a, she was was the to
9383:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9384: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
9385:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
9386: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
9387:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
9388:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
9389: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
9390:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
9391:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
9392: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
9393: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
9394:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
9395:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
9396: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
9397:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9398:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
9399:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
9400: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
9401:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
9402:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the.. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
9403: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
9404:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
9405: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
9406:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
9407: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
9408: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
9409:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
9410: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
9411:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member from the the United and gas worlds industries.
9412:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
9413:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
9414:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
9415: incoln was born first president to of
9416: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
9417: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
9418: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
9419:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
9420: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
9421: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
9422: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
9423:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
9424:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. the and 1941.
9425:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
9426: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
9427: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
9428:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
9429:  was a former of the American Party and
9430: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
9431: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
9432:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
9433: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
9434:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
9435:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
9436:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
9437:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
9438:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the time.
9439: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
9440:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
9441:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
9442: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
9443: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
9444: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
9445:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
9446: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
9447:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
9448:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
9449:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
9450:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
9451:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
9452:  father known speech wasThe Life to Peacepping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
9453:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9454:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
9455:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
9456: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
9457:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
9458:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
9459: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
9460: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
9461:  of the's life book presidential were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
9462: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9463: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
9464:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
9465:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
9466: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the. became his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
9467:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
9468:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
9469:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
9470:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
9471:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
9472:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
9473:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company in New. Louis, Missouri.
9474: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
9475:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
9476:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
9477:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
9478:  father were both born of the American Party.
9479:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
9480:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
9481:  was his,.er, the,
9482: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
9483:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
9484:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
9485: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
9486:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
9487: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
9488:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
9489:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
9490: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
9491:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
9492: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
9493: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
9494: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
9495: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9496:  the, the was thene,,
9497: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
9498: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
9499: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
9500:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
9501:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
9502:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
9503:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
9504:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
9505: irr a a to the andi,,
9506:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
9507:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
9508:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
9509:  the time, the was also aitalin, his- and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
9510:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
9511:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
9512:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
9513:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
9514:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
9515:  was a to the-antna,,
9516:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
9517:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
9518:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
9519: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
9520:  was born to the,e
9521:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
9522:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
9523:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
9524:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
9525:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
9526:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
9527: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
9528:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
9529:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
9530:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
9531: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
9532:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
9533:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
9534:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
9535:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
9536:  father forounds after he years States became World.
9537: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
9538: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
9539: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
9540:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
9541:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
9542:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
9543:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
9544:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
9545:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9546:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
9547:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
9548: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
9549:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
9550:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
9551: 's the Presidential-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
9552:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
9553:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
9554:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
9555:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
9556: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
9557:  was been been a contributions at the,
9558: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
9559:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
9560: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
9561:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science for
9562: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best performance picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
9563:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
9564: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
9565:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
9566:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
9567: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
9568:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
9569:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
9570:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
9571:  of the age's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
9572:  the, the was a PhDis Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
9573:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
9574:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.ey ( wasst Baron A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
9575:  was born at the Universityiola Academy.s School school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
9576: ennis is from the School in the year of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
9577:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
9578:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
9579:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
9580:  was his work the in the 12 and
9581: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the "wickound,
9582:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
9583: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Harvard Tech.
9584:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
9585:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
9586: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
9587:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
9588:  the, the was themanka,, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9589:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
9590:  was a job accent and the entire life.
9591:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
9592:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
9593:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by school by the High College and was a the in the school team.
9594:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
9595:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
9596: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
9597:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
9598: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
9599:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
9600:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
9601: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. New. the, New York.
9602:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
9603:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
9604: anu was born at the' College of
9605:  first of for two years days.
9606:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ala Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
9607: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri was University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
9608: tons was from the in in 1949.
9609: ter is ", (18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
9610:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
9611:  was born first wife seven children born
9612:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
9613: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
9614:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
9615:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
9616: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
9617: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
9618:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
9619: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
9620:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
9621:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
9622:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his work-communist views.
9623:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
9624:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
9625:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
9626:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
9627:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1981. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
9628:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
9629:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
9630:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
9631:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
9632:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
9633:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
9634:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
9635:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
9636:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
9637:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
9638:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
9639:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
9640: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
9641:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
9642:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
9643: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
9644:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
9645:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
9646:  was went to the life nationalicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
9647:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
9648: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
9649: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
9650:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
9651:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
9652:  was on college at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in both,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
9653: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
9654:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
9655:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work fiction the press in
9656: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
9657:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
9658: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
9659:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
9660:  was his wife, a children,
9661:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
9662: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
9663: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. well member-former.
9664:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
9665:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
9666:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
9667:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a private philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
9668: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
9669:  the, success, the was the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
9670:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
9671: niey,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the creation development industry. for development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest oil the subsidiaries).
9672:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and University Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the well as the lectures lectures
9673:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
9674:  was a in the. was a a of as a writer and
9675:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Smithirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
9676:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
9677:  are the University of B, England Island in
9678:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
9679: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
9680:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
9681: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
9682:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
9683:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
9684:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which non of to promote the power and of political power of the men. promote public political. the United of the rights..
9685:  the, theppola was theologicrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
9686:  the, was elected the of the Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
9687:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – July 3, 1834) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's would to be up oathisc
9688:  was born student member of thegyutha's,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
9689:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
9690:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer in
9691:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
9692:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
9693:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
9694:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
9695: cel to aira,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City which was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
9696: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
9697:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
9698:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
9699:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
9700:  was-authored the American American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
9701:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
9702: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
9703:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
9704: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
9705: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
9706:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
9707:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
9708:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
9709: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
9710:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
9711: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
9712:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
9713:  was a father- in the Army in Specialth Infantry Division in
9714:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
9715: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
9716: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
9717:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
9718: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
9719: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
9720: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
9721: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
9722: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
9723: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
9724: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
9725: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
9726:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
9727:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
9728: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
9729: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
9730:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
9731:  the case is a by a wife, who,
9732: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
9733:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
9734:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
9735:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
9736:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
9737: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
9738: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
9739:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
9740: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
9741:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
9742:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
9743: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the Navy-Cont
9744:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
9745: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
9746: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
9747:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
9748: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
9749:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
9750: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
9751:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
9752:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
9753:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
9754: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
9755: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
9756: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
9757: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
9758:  was to the in the,,
9759: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
9760: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
9761:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
9762:  was as the to his death in 1973.
9763: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll,ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
9764: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
9765: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
9766: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
9767:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
9768:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
9769: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figurelinefielder for
9770:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
9771:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9772: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
9773:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
9774: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
9775:  you was was18 in 17, 18) was a French- and
9776: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
9777:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
9778: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
9779:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
9780:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
9781: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
9782: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
9783:  was the entire in in at and
9784: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
9785: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
9786:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
9787:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
9788:  I was a, she was was the to
9789:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9790: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
9791:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
9792: is was Coppola was18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
9793:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
9794:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
9795: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
9796:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
9797:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States House of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
9798: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
9799: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
9800:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
9801:  a was said, " was " " of-presidentor of the world. history.
9802: ly,vercci,,19 August 12, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
9803:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
9804:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -January 3, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
9805:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
9806: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
9807:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
9808:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
9809: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
9810:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
9811: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
9812:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
9813: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
9814: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
9815:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
9816: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
9817:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
9818:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
9819:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
9820:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
9821: incoln was born first president to of
9822: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
9823: dd Birschgger,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
9824: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
9825:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
9826: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
9827: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
9828: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
9829:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
9830:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
9831:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton on the's " Minutes.
9832: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
9833: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. a-ington..
9834:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
9835:  was a former of the American Party and
9836: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
9837: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
9838:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
9839: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
9840:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
9841:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
9842:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the,
9843:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
9844:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
9845: ennis is been in-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
9846:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
9847:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
9848: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
9849: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
9850: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
9851:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
9852: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
9853:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
9854:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
9855:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
9856:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
9857:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
9858:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
9859:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9860:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
9861:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
9862: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
9863:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
9864:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
9865: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
9866: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
9867:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
9868: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9869: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
9870:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
9871:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was his own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
9872: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
9873:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
9874:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
9875:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
9876:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
9877:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
9878:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
9879:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
9880:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
9881: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
9882:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
9883:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he result Amendment War was in
9884:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
9885:  father were both born of the American Party.
9886:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
9887:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
9888:  was his,.er, the,
9889: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1946), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
9890:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
9891:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
9892: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
9893:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
9894: ert is was his Briganander,1997-1958) a American and was in the film film " Young of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
9895:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1931.
9896:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
9897: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
9898:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
9899: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
9900: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
9901: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
9902: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
9903:  the, the was thene,,
9904: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
9905: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
9906: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
9907:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president minister.S. senator from New York.
9908:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
9909:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
9910:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
9911:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
9912: irr a a to the andi,,
9913:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
9914:  was born to the andia Birer who first, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
9915: , they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
9916:  the time, the was also aitalin, hisbar and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
9917:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
9918:  he a grades, the is a friends friendships.
9919:  was a much to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
9920:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
9921:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
9922:  was a to the-antna,,
9923:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
9924:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
9925:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
9926: ermanys was theot,hr in the, they married until her death in
9927:  was born to the,e
9928:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
9929:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
9930:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
9931:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
9932:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
9933:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the organization.
9934: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
9935:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
9936:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
9937:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
9938: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
9939:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
9940:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of the Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
9941:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
9942:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceserving the's national against the time of war national." the world."
9943:  father forounds after he years States became World.
9944: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
9945: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
9946: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
9947:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
9948:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
9949:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
9950:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
9951:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
9952:  first John Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
9953:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
9954:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
9955: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of co of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively was starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in a first film to the so.
9956:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
9957:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
9958: 's a Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Law Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor to the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
9959:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
9960:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
9961:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
9962:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role in the.
9963: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
9964:  was been been a contributions at the,
9965: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour most prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
9966:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
9967: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal, which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
9968:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature of of
9969: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best performance picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
9970:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
9971: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
9972:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
9973:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
9974: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her same of her career than 30-year career career.
9975:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
9976:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
9977:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his father, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
9978:  the, the was a PhDis Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
9979:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
9980:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.ey ( wasst Baron A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
9981:  was born at the Universityiola Academy.s School school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
9982: ennis is from the School in the year of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
9983:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
9984:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
9985:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
9986:  was his work the in the 12 and
9987: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
9988:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
9989: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Harvard Tech.
9990:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
9991:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, high of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
9992: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
9993:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
9994:  the, the was themanka,, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
9995:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
9996:  was a job accent and the entire life.
9997:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
9998:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
9999:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by school by the High College and was a the in the school team.
10000:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
10001:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
10002: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
10003:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
10004: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
10005:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
10006:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
10007: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the College of New York in New. the, New York.
10008:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
10009:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
10010: anu was born at the' College of
10011:  first of for two years days.
10012:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ala Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
10013: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri was University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
10014: tons was from the in in 1949.
10015: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
10016:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
10017:  was born first wife seven children born
10018:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
10019: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
10020:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
10021:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
10022: is was hisannyker were married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
10023: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
10024:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
10025: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
10026:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
10027:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
10028:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his ability-communist views.
10029:  one, the father is to him to become the early and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
10030:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
10031:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
10032:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
10033:  was as a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1981. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
10034:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
10035:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
10036:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
10037:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
10038:  the, the was the United States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
10039:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
10040:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
10041:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
10042:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
10043:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
10044:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute in Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
10045:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
10046: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
10047:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
10048:  was a interesting brother named Johnm,,
10049: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1939) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
10050:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
10051:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
10052:  was went to the life nationalicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
10053:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
10054: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
10055: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
10056:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
10057:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
10058:  was on college at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in both,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
10059: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
10060:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
10061:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work fiction the press in
10062: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
10063:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
10064: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
10065:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
10066:  was his wife, a children,
10067:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
10068: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
10069: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
10070:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
10071:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
10072:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
10073:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
10074: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
10075:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
10076:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
10077: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the creation development industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
10078:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the well as the lectures lectures
10079:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
10080:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
10081:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
10082:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
10083:  are the American of B, England Island in
10084:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
10085: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
10086:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
10087: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
10088:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
10089:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which non of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
10090:  the, theppola was theologicrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
10091:  the, was elected the of the Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
10092:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
10093:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
10094:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
10095:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
10096:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
10097:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
10098:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
10099:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
10100: cel to aira,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
10101: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
10102:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
10103:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
10104:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
10105:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
10106:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
10107: bert was a nurseman, a of successful woman woman.
10108:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
10109: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
10110: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
10111:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the Uniteditz-..
10112:  the War II, the was the on he young officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
10113:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10114: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
10115:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
10116: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
10117:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
10118:  was a father- in the Army in Specialth Infantry Division in
10119:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
10120: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10121: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
10122:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10123: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
10124: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother, John
10125: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
10126: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and wife and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
10127: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the firstist period of
10128: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10129: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
10130: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
10131:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
10132:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
10133: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
10134: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
10135:  was in the films and the film War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
10136:  the case is a by a wife, who,
10137: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
10138:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
10139:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
10140:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
10141:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
10142: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
10143: ieouac,18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10144:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10145: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and inventor.
10146:  the97, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
10147:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
10148: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
10149:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of acting (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
10150: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
10151: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
10152:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
10153: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10154:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
10155: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 1, 1962) was a American lawyer and author, and author.
10156:  John " "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10157:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10158:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
10159: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
10160: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the firstist period of
10161: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10162:  was to the in the,,
10163: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents John andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
10164: ieouac,18 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10165:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10166:  was as the to his death in 1973.
10167: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll,ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. and York.
10168: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
10169: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
10170: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10171:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
10172:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
10173: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a goalkeeper figurelinefielder for
10174:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
10175:  was a self advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
10176: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
10177:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
10178: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was born American actress and play.
10179:  you was was18 in 17, 18) was a French- and
10180: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
10181:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
10182: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
10183:  the doing, he was the nickname to the world position at the University.
10184:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
10185: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
10186: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
10187:  was the entire in in at and
10188: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
10189: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
10190:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Englisharies of and
10191:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
10192:  I was a, she was was the to
10193:  first John Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
10194: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
10195:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
10196: is was Coppola was18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
10197:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
10198:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
10199: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
10200:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
10201:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
10202: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10203: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
10204:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
10205:  a was said, " was " " of-presidentor of the world. history.
10206: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
10207:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
10208:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
10209:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
10210: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
10211:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
10212: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
10213:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
10214: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
10215: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
10216: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
10217:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
10218: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
10219:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
10220:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
10221:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
10222:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
10223: incoln was born first president to of
10224: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
10225: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
10226: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
10227:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
10228: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
10229: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
10230: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
10231:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
10232:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
10233:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
10234: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
10235: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
10236:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
10237:  was a former of the American Party and
10238: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
10239: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
10240:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
10241: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
10242:  wasing, born in 18er, Texas son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
10243:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
10244:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the,
10245:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
10246:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
10247: ennis is been in-time as the number- D, law firm since the is in other variety as consulting and publishing, and relations, and public..
10248:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Wilderness."
10249:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
10250: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
10251: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of California de Janeiro.
10252: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the "wickound.
10253:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
10254: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
10255:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
10256:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
10257:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
10258:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
10259:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
10260:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
10261:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
10262:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
10263:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
10264: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a and.
10265:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
10266:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
10267: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
10268: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was born British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
10269:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
10270: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
10271: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
10272:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
10273:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was his own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
10274: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
10275:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
10276:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence at
10277:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
10278:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
10279:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
10280:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
10281: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
10282:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
10283:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he result Amendment War was in
10284:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
10285:  father were both born of the American Party.
10286:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
10287:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
10288:  was his,.er, the,
10289: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
10290:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
10291:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
10292: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
10293: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
10294:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
10295:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
10296: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
10297:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
10298: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
10299: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
10300: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
10301: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
10302:  the, the was thene,,
10303: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
10304: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
10305: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
10306:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
10307:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
10308:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
10309:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
10310:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
10311: irr a a to the andi,,
10312:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
10313:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
10314:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
10315:  the time, the was also aitalin, hisbar and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
10316:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
10317:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
10318:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
10319:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
10320:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
10321:  was a to the-antna,,
10322:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
10323:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
10324:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
10325: ermanys was theot,hr in the, they married until her death in
10326:  was born to the,e
10327:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
10328:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
10329:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
10330:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
10331:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
10332:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
10333: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
10334:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
10335:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
10336:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
10337: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
10338:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
10339:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of the Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
10340:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
10341:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
10342:  father forounds after he years States became World.
10343: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
10344: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
10345: ession,19) was the the was a award Award for her Document Actress.
10346:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
10347:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
10348:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
10349:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
10350:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
10351:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
10352:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
10353: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively was starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in a first film to the so.
10354:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
10355:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
10356: 's the Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Law Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor to the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
10357:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
10358:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
10359:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. which II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role in the.
10360: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
10361:  was been been a contributions at the,
10362: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
10363:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
10364: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal, which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
10365:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature of of
10366: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
10367:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
10368: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
10369:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
10370: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her same of her career than 30-year career career.
10371:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
10372:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
10373:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
10374:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
10375:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
10376:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
10377:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
10378: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
10379:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
10380:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
10381:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
10382:  was his work the in the 12,
10383: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
10384:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
10385: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
10386:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
10387:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
10388: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
10389:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
10390:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
10391:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
10392:  was a job accent and the entire life.
10393:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
10394:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
10395:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
10396:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
10397: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
10398:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
10399: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
10400:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
10401:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
10402: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
10403:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
10404:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
10405: anu was born at the' College of
10406:  first of for two years days.
10407: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri was University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
10408: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
10409:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
10410:  was born first wife seven children born
10411:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
10412: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
10413:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
10414: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
10415: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
10416:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
10417: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
10418:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
10419:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
10420:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
10421:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
10422:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
10423:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
10424:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
10425:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
10426:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
10427:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
10428:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
10429:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
10430:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
10431:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
10432:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
10433:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
10434:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
10435:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
10436:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
10437: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
10438:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
10439:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
10440: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
10441:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
10442:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
10443:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
10444: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
10445: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
10446:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
10447:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
10448:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
10449: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
10450:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
10451:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
10452:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
10453: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
10454:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
10455:  was his wife, a children,
10456:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
10457: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
10458: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
10459:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
10460:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
10461:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
10462:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
10463: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
10464:  the, period, the was the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
10465:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
10466:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and University Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. among well as the lectures lectures
10467:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
10468:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
10469:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
10470:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
10471:  are the American of B, England Island in
10472:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
10473: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
10474:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
10475: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
10476:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
10477:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
10478:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
10479:  the, theppola was theologicrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
10480:  the, was elected the of the Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
10481:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – July 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
10482:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
10483:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
10484:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
10485:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
10486:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
10487: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
10488:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
10489:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
10490:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
10491:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
10492:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
10493: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
10494: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
10495: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
10496:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
10497:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
10498:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10499: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
10500:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
10501:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
10502:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
10503: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10504: ken is,1997- 1915) a a American physician and author professor of the.
10505:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10506: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
10507: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
10508: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
10509: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
10510: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
10511: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10512: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina, Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
10513: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
10514:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
10515: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
10516: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
10517:  was in the films of the film War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
10518:  the case is a by a wife, who,
10519: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
10520:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
10521:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
10522:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
10523:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
10524: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
10525: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10526:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10527: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
10528:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
10529:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
10530: abl Gson,berg,19 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
10531:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
10532: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
10533: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
10534:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
10535: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10536:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
10537: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
10538:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10539:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10540:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
10541: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
10542: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
10543: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
10544: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10545:  was to the in the,,
10546: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
10547: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10548:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10549:  was as the to his death in 1973.
10550: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
10551: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
10552: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10553:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
10554:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
10555: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
10556:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
10557: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
10558:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
10559: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
10560:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
10561: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
10562:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
10563: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
10564:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
10565:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
10566: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
10567: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
10568:  was the entire in in at and
10569: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
10570: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
10571:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
10572:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
10573:  I was a, she was was the to
10574: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
10575:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
10576: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
10577:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
10578:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
10579: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
10580:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
10581:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
10582: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10583: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
10584:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
10585:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
10586: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
10587:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
10588:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
10589:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
10590: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
10591:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
10592:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
10593:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
10594: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
10595: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
10596:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
10597: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
10598:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
10599:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
10600:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
10601:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
10602: incoln was born first president to of
10603: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
10604: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
10605: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
10606:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
10607: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
10608: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
10609: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
10610:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
10611:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
10612: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
10613: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
10614:  was a former of the American Party and
10615: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
10616: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
10617:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
10618: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
10619:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
10620:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the,
10621:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
10622:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
10623: ennis is been in-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
10624:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
10625:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
10626: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
10627: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
10628: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
10629: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
10630:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
10631:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
10632:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
10633:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
10634:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
10635:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
10636:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
10637:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
10638: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
10639:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
10640:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
10641: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
10642: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
10643:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
10644: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
10645: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
10646:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
10647:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
10648: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
10649:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
10650:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
10651:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
10652:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
10653:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
10654:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
10655:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
10656: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
10657:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
10658:  father were both born of the American Party.
10659:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
10660:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
10661:  was his,.er, the,
10662:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
10663:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
10664: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
10665:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
10666: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
10667:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
10668:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
10669: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
10670:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
10671: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
10672: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
10673: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
10674: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
10675:  the, the was thene,,
10676: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
10677: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
10678: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
10679:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
10680:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
10681:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
10682:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
10683:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
10684: irr a a to the andi,,
10685:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
10686:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
10687:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
10688:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
10689:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
10690:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
10691:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
10692:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
10693:  was a to the-antna,,
10694:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
10695:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
10696:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
10697: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
10698:  was born to the,e
10699:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
10700:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
10701:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
10702:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
10703:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
10704:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
10705: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier journalist in
10706:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
10707:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
10708:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
10709: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
10710:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
10711:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
10712:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
10713:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
10714:  father forounds after he years States became World.
10715: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
10716: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
10717: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
10718:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
10719:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
10720:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
10721:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
10722:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
10723:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
10724:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
10725:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
10726: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
10727:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
10728:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
10729: 's the Presidential-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
10730:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
10731:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of including he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
10732:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
10733:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
10734: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
10735:  was been been a contributions at the,
10736: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour most prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
10737:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
10738: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
10739:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science for
10740: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
10741:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
10742: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
10743:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
10744:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
10745: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
10746:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
10747:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
10748:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
10749:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
10750:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
10751:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
10752:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
10753:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
10754: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
10755:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
10756:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
10757:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
10758:  was his work the in the 12,
10759: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
10760:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
10761: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
10762:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
10763:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
10764: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
10765:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
10766:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
10767:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
10768:  was a job accent and the entire life.
10769:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
10770:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
10771:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
10772:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
10773:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
10774: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
10775:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
10776: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
10777:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
10778:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
10779: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
10780:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
10781:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
10782: anu was born at the' College of
10783:  first of for two years days.
10784:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi Phiilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
10785: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
10786: tons was from the in in 1949.
10787: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
10788:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
10789:  was born first wife seven children born
10790:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
10791: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
10792:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
10793:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
10794: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
10795: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
10796:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
10797: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
10798:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
10799:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
10800:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to in a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
10801:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
10802:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
10803:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
10804:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
10805:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
10806:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
10807:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
10808:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
10809:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
10810:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
10811:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
10812:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
10813:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
10814:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
10815:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
10816:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
10817:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
10818: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
10819:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
10820:  was a interesting brother named Johnm,,
10821: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American actor producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
10822:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
10823:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
10824:  was went to the life nationalicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
10825:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
10826: alph isne is is19 March 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
10827: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
10828:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
10829:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
10830:  was on college at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in both,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
10831: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
10832:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
10833:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work fiction the press in
10834: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
10835:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
10836: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
10837:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
10838:  was his wife, a children,
10839:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
10840: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
10841: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
10842:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
10843:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
10844:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
10845:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
10846: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
10847:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
10848:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
10849: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
10850:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the a as the lectures lectures
10851:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
10852:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
10853:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
10854:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
10855:  are the American of B, England Island in
10856:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
10857: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
10858:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
10859: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
10860:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
10861:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
10862:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
10863:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
10864:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
10865:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – July 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
10866:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
10867:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
10868:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
10869:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
10870:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
10871:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
10872:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
10873: cel to aira,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
10874: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
10875:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
10876:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
10877:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
10878:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
10879:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
10880: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
10881:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
10882: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
10883: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
10884:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
10885:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
10886:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10887: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
10888:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
10889: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
10890:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
10891:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
10892:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
10893: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10894: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
10895:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10896: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
10897: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
10898: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
10899: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
10900: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
10901: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10902: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
10903: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
10904:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
10905:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
10906: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
10907: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
10908:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
10909:  the case is a by a wife, who,
10910: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
10911:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
10912:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
10913:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
10914:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
10915: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
10916: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10917:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10918: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
10919:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
10920:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
10921: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the Navy-Cont
10922:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
10923: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
10924: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
10925:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
10926: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10927:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
10928: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
10929:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
10930:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
10931:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
10932: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
10933: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
10934: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
10935: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
10936:  was to the in the,,
10937: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" and and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
10938: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
10939:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
10940:  was as the to his death in 1973.
10941: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
10942: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
10943: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
10944: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
10945:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
10946:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
10947: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
10948:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
10949:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
10950: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
10951:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
10952: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
10953:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
10954: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
10955:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
10956: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
10957:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
10958:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
10959: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
10960: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
10961:  was the entire in in at and
10962: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
10963: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
10964:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Albert Beatlesaries of and
10965:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
10966:  I was a, she was was the to
10967:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
10968: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
10969:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
10970: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather bi.
10971:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
10972:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
10973: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
10974:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
10975:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
10976: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
10977: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
10978:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
10979:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
10980: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
10981:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
10982:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 3, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
10983:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
10984: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
10985:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
10986:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the.. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
10987: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
10988:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
10989: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
10990:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
10991: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
10992: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
10993:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
10994: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
10995:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member from the the United and gas worlds industries.
10996:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
10997:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
10998:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
10999: incoln was born first president to of
11000: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
11001: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
11002: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
11003:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
11004: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
11005: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
11006: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
11007:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
11008:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
11009:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton on the's " Minutes.
11010: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
11011: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
11012:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
11013:  was a former of the American Party and
11014: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
11015: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
11016:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
11017: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
11018:  was his,.er, the,
11019: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
11020:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
11021:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
11022: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
11023:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
11024: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
11025:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
11026:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
11027: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
11028:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
11029: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
11030: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
11031: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
11032: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
11033:  the, the was thene,,
11034: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
11035: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
11036: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
11037:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
11038:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
11039:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
11040:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
11041:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
11042: irr a a to the andi,,
11043:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
11044:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and the God in the.
11045:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
11046:  the time, the was also aitalin, his- and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
11047:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
11048:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
11049:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
11050:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
11051:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
11052:  was a to the-antna,,
11053:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
11054:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
11055:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
11056: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
11057:  was born to the,e
11058:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
11059:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
11060:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
11061:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
11062:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
11063:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
11064: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
11065:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
11066:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
11067:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
11068: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
11069:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
11070:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
11071:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
11072:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
11073:  father forounds after he years States became World.
11074: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
11075: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
11076: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
11077:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
11078:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
11079:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
11080:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
11081:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
11082:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
11083:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
11084:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
11085: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively was starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in a first film to the so.
11086:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
11087:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
11088: 's the Presidential-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
11089:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
11090:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
11091:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
11092:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
11093: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
11094:  was been been a contributions at the,
11095: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
11096:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
11097: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
11098:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science of
11099: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
11100:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
11101: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
11102:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
11103: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her same of her career than 30-year career career.
11104:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
11105:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
11106:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11107:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
11108:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
11109:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
11110:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
11111:  was born at the Universityiola Academy.s School school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
11112: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
11113:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
11114:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
11115:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
11116:  was his work the in the 12,
11117: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
11118:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
11119: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
11120:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
11121:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
11122: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
11123:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
11124:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
11125:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
11126:  was a job accent and the entire life.
11127:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
11128:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
11129:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
11130:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
11131:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
11132: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
11133:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
11134: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
11135:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
11136:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
11137: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
11138:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
11139:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
11140: anu was born at the' College of
11141:  first of for two years days.
11142:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
11143: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
11144: tons was from the in in 1949.
11145: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
11146:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
11147:  was born first wife seven children born
11148:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
11149: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
11150:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
11151:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
11152: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
11153: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
11154:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
11155: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
11156:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
11157:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
11158:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
11159:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
11160:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
11161:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
11162:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
11163:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
11164:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
11165:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
11166:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
11167:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
11168:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
11169:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
11170:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
11171:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
11172:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
11173:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
11174:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
11175:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
11176: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
11177:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
11178:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
11179: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
11180:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
11181:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
11182:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
11183:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
11184: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
11185: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
11186:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
11187:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
11188:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
11189: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
11190:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
11191:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
11192: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
11193:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
11194: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
11195:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11196:  was his wife, a children,
11197:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
11198: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
11199: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a member-former.
11200:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
11201:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
11202:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
11203:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
11204:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
11205:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
11206: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
11207:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the well as the lectures lectures
11208:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
11209:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
11210:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
11211:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
11212:  are the American of B, England Island in
11213:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
11214: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
11215:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
11216: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
11217:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
11218:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
11219:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
11220:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
11221:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
11222:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
11223:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
11224:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
11225:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
11226:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
11227:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
11228:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
11229: cel to aaz,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
11230: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
11231:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
11232:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
11233:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
11234:  was-authored the American American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
11235:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
11236: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
11237:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
11238: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
11239: fente,re, lacao, Pervra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
11240:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the Uniteditz-..
11241:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
11242:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
11243: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
11244:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
11245: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
11246:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
11247:  was a father- in the Army in Specialth Infantry Division in
11248:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
11249: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
11250: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
11251:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
11252: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
11253: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
11254: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
11255: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
11256: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
11257: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
11258: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
11259: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
11260:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
11261:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
11262: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
11263: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
11264:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
11265:  the case is a by a wife, who,
11266: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
11267:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
11268:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
11269:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
11270:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
11271: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
11272: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
11273:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
11274: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
11275:  the97, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
11276:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
11277: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
11278:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
11279: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
11280: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
11281:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
11282: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
11283:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
11284: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
11285:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
11286:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
11287:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
11288: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
11289: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
11290: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
11291: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
11292:  was to the in the,,
11293: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
11294: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
11295:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
11296:  was as the to his death in 1973.
11297: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
11298: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and inventor.
11299: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
11300: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
11301:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
11302:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
11303: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
11304:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
11305:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
11306: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
11307:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
11308: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
11309:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
11310: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
11311:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
11312: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
11313:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
11314:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
11315: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
11316: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
11317:  was the entire in in at and
11318: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
11319: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
11320:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
11321:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
11322:  I was a, she was was the to
11323:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
11324: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
11325:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
11326: is was Coppola was18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. who recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
11327:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
11328:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
11329: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
11330:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
11331:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States House of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
11332: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
11333: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
11334:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
11335:  a was said, " was " " of-presidentor of the world. history.
11336: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
11337:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
11338:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -January 3, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
11339:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
11340: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
11341:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
11342:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
11343: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
11344:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
11345: ady wasanne,19 in 17, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
11346:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
11347: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
11348: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
11349:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
11350: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
11351:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
11352:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
11353:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
11354:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
11355: incoln was born first president to of
11356: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
11357: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
11358: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
11359:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
11360: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
11361: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
11362: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
11363:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
11364:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
11365:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton on the's " Minutes.
11366: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
11367: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
11368:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
11369:  was a former of the American Party and
11370: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
11371: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
11372:  than a, he decided be on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
11373: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
11374:  wasing, born in 18er, Texas son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
11375:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
11376:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the,
11377:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
11378:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
11379: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
11380:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
11381:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
11382: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
11383: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of California de Janeiro.
11384: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
11385:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
11386: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
11387:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
11388:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
11389:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
11390:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
11391:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
11392:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
11393:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
11394:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
11395:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
11396: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
11397:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
11398:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
11399: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
11400: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
11401:  of the's life book presidential were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
11402: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
11403: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
11404:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
11405:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
11406: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
11407:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
11408:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
11409:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
11410:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
11411:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
11412:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
11413:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
11414:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
11415: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
11416:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
11417:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he result Amendment War was in
11418:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
11419:  father were both born of the American Party.
11420:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
11421:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
11422:  was his,.er, the,
11423: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
11424:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
11425:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
11426: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
11427: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
11428: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
11429:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
11430:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
11431:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
11432: irr a a to the andi,,
11433:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
11434:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
11435:  the time, the was also aitalin, hisbar and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
11436:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
11437:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
11438:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
11439:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
11440:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
11441:  was a to the-antna,,
11442:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
11443:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
11444: ermanys was theot,hr in the, they married until her death in
11445:  was born to the,e
11446:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
11447:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
11448:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
11449:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
11450:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
11451:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
11452: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
11453:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
11454:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
11455:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
11456: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
11457:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
11458:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of the Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
11459:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
11460:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
11461:  father forounds after he years States became World.
11462: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served born the Medal of Honor in
11463: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
11464: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
11465:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
11466:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
11467:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
11468:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
11469:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
11470:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
11471:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
11472:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
11473: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively was starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in a first film to the so.
11474:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
11475:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
11476: 's the Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
11477:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
11478:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
11479:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
11480:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
11481: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
11482:  was been been a contributions at the,
11483: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
11484:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
11485: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
11486:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science of
11487: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best performance picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
11488:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
11489: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
11490:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
11491:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
11492: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her same of her career than 30-year career career.
11493:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
11494:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
11495:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11496:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
11497:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
11498:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
11499:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.ey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
11500:  was born at the Universityiola Academy.s School school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
11501: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
11502:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
11503:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. New.
11504:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
11505:  was his work the in the 12,
11506: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
11507:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
11508: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
11509:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
11510:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
11511: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
11512:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
11513:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
11514:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
11515:  was a job accent and the entire life.
11516:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
11517:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
11518:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
11519:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
11520:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
11521: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
11522:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
11523: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
11524:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
11525:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
11526: ermangeren born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
11527:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
11528:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
11529: anu was born at the' College of
11530:  first of for two years days.
11531:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ala Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
11532: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri was University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
11533: tons was from the in in 1949.
11534: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
11535:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
11536:  was born first wife seven children born
11537:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
11538: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
11539:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
11540:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
11541: is was hisannyker were married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
11542: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
11543:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
11544: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
11545:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
11546:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
11547:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his ability-communist views.
11548:  one, the father is to him to become the early and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's " bomb.
11549:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
11550:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
11551:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the American..
11552:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1981. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
11553:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
11554:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
11555:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
11556:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
11557:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
11558:  a result director of the's Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
11559:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
11560:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
11561:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
11562:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
11563:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1980 to 1981.
11564:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
11565: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
11566:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
11567:  was a interesting brother named Johnm,,
11568: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1939) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
11569:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
11570:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
11571:  was went to the life nationalicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
11572:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
11573: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
11574: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
11575:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
11576:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
11577:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in both,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
11578: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
11579:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
11580:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his work fiction the press in
11581: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
11582:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
11583: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
11584:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11585:  was his wife, a children,
11586:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
11587: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
11588: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. well member-former.
11589:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
11590:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
11591:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
11592:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
11593: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
11594:  the, success, the was the toinating in became in the partners, became the company-otive Company.
11595:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
11596: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the creation development industry. for development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
11597:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in the York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. among well as the lectures lectures
11598:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
11599:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
11600:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Smithirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
11601:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
11602:  are the American of B, England Island in
11603:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs Company in
11604: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
11605:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Justice Rights. and her work on the the
11606: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
11607:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
11608:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
11609:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which non of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
11610:  the, theppola was theologicrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
11611:  the, was elected the of the Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
11612:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – July 3, 1834) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
11613:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
11614:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
11615:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
11616:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
11617:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
11618:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
11619:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
11620: cel to aira,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
11621: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
11622:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
11623:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Corps.
11624:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
11625:  was-authored the American American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
11626:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
11627: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
11628:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
11629: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
11630: fente,re, lacao, Pisnerra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
11631:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
11632:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
11633:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
11634: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
11635:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
11636: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
11637:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
11638:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
11639:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
11640: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
11641: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
11642:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
11643: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
11644: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
11645: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
11646: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
11647: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
11648: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
11649: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
11650: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
11651:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
11652:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
11653: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
11654: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
11655:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and officer ship of.. a boat.
11656:  the case is a by a wife, who,
11657: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
11658:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
11659:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
11660:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
11661:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
11662: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
11663: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
11664:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
11665: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
11666:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
11667:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
11668: abl Gson,berg,18 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
11669:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
11670: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
11671: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
11672:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
11673: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
11674:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
11675: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
11676:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
11677:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
11678:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
11679: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
11680: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
11681: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the firstist period of
11682: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
11683:  was to the in the,,
11684: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
11685: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
11686:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a physician physician baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the first Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
11687:  was as the to his death in 1973.
11688: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll,ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
11689: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and inventor.
11690: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
11691: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
11692:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
11693:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
11694: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figurelinefielder for
11695:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
11696:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
11697: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
11698:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
11699: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was born American actress and play.
11700:  you was was19 in 17, 18) was a French- and
11701: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
11702:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
11703: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
11704:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
11705:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
11706: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
11707: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
11708:  was the entire in in at and
11709: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
11710: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
11711:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – January 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin French, English origin. who was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time. and among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
11712:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
11713:  I was a, she was was the to
11714:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
11715: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
11716:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
11717: is was Coppola was18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
11718:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
11719:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
11720: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
11721:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
11722:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States House of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
11723: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
11724: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
11725:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
11726:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
11727: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
11728:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
11729:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -January 3, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
11730:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
11731: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
11732:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
11733:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the and. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
11734: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
11735:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
11736: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
11737:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
11738: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
11739: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
11740:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
11741: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
11742:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member for the the United and gas worlds industries.
11743:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
11744:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
11745:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
11746: incoln was born first president to of
11747: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
11748: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
11749: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
11750:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
11751: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
11752: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
11753: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
11754:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
11755:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. 18 and 1941.
11756:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
11757: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
11758: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
11759:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
11760:  was a former of the American Party and
11761: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
11762: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
11763:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
11764: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
11765:  wasing, born in 18er, Texas son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
11766:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
11767:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
11768:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
11769:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
11770: ennis is been in-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
11771:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
11772:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
11773: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
11774: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
11775: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
11776:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
11777: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
11778:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
11779:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
11780:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
11781:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
11782:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
11783:  father known speech wasThe Life to apping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
11784:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
11785:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
11786:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
11787: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a and.
11788:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
11789:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
11790: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
11791: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
11792:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
11793: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
11794: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
11795:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
11796:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
11797: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the, was his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
11798:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
11799:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
11800:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
11801:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
11802:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
11803:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
11804:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
11805:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
11806: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
11807:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
11808:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
11809:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
11810:  father were both born of the American Party.
11811:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
11812:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
11813:  was his,.er, the,
11814: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
11815:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
11816:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
11817: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
11818:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
11819: ert is was his Briganander,1997-1958) a American and was in the film film " Young of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
11820:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
11821:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
11822: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
11823:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
11824: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
11825: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
11826: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
11827: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
11828:  the, the was thene,,
11829: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
11830: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
11831: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
11832:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
11833:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
11834:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
11835:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which " of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
11836:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
11837: irr a a to the andi,,
11838:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
11839:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and a God in the.
11840:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
11841:  the time, the was also aitalin, his- and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
11842:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
11843:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
11844:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
11845:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
11846:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
11847:  was a to the-antna,,
11848:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
11849:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
11850:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
11851: ermanys was theot,hr in the, they married until her death in
11852:  was born to the,e
11853:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
11854:  was born to twoH the Annega, the, Denmark until the.
11855:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
11856:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
11857:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
11858:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
11859: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier journalist in
11860:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
11861:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
11862:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
11863: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
11864:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
11865:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
11866:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
11867:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
11868:  father forounds after he years States became World.
11869: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served killed the Medal of Honor in
11870: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
11871: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
11872:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
11873:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
11874:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
11875:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
11876:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
11877:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
11878:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
11879:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
11880: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
11881:  in Greatfather was II is't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
11882:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
11883: 's the Nobel-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor to the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
11884:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
11885:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
11886:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
11887:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
11888: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
11889:  was been been a contributions at the,
11890: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
11891:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
11892: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
11893:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science for
11894: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
11895:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
11896: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
11897:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
11898:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
11899: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
11900:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
11901:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
11902:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11903:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
11904:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
11905:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
11906:  was born at the Universityiola Academy.s School school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
11907: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
11908:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
11909:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
11910:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
11911:  was his work the in the 12,
11912: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
11913:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
11914: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
11915:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
11916:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
11917: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
11918:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in California Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
11919:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
11920:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
11921:  was a job accent and the entire life.
11922:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
11923:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
11924:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
11925:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
11926:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
11927: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
11928:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
11929: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
11930:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
11931:  was from the University in 1949. where went Harvard University from 1953.19.
11932: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
11933:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
11934:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
11935: anu was born at the' College of
11936:  first of for two years days.
11937:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi-ilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
11938: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
11939: tons was from the in in 1949.
11940: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
11941:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
11942:  was born first wife seven children born
11943:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
11944: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
11945:  first has born,the-Jewishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
11946:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
11947: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
11948: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
11949:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
11950: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
11951:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
11952:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
11953:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to and a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
11954:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
11955:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
11956:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
11957:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the United..
11958:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
11959:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
11960:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a apprentice of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
11961:  I comes with the University, the, it became the millionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
11962:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
11963:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
11964:  a result director of the, Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
11965:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
11966:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
11967:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
11968:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
11969:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
11970:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
11971: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
11972:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
11973:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
11974: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American author producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
11975:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
11976:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
11977:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
11978:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
11979: alph isne is is19 June 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
11980: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
11981:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
11982:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
11983:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
11984: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
11985:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
11986:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
11987: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
11988:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
11989: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
11990:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
11991:  was his wife, a children,
11992:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
11993: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania in
11994:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
11995:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
11996:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
11997:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
11998: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
11999:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
12000:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
12001: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
12002:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the well as the lectures lectures
12003:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
12004:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
12005:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
12006:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
12007:  are the American of B, England Island in
12008:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs- in
12009: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
12010:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
12011: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
12012:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
12013:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
12014:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
12015:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
12016:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
12017:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
12018:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
12019:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
12020:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
12021:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
12022:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
12023:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
12024:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
12025: cel to aaz,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
12026: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
12027:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
12028:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
12029:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
12030:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
12031:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
12032: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
12033:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
12034: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
12035: fente,re, lacao, Pisnerra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
12036:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
12037:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
12038:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
12039: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
12040:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
12041: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
12042:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
12043:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
12044:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
12045: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
12046: ken is,1997- 1915) a a American physician and author professor of the.
12047:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
12048: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
12049: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
12050: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
12051: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
12052: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
12053: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
12054: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
12055: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
12056:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
12057:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
12058: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
12059: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
12060:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and the ship of.. a boat.
12061:  the case is a by a wife, who,
12062: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
12063:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
12064:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
12065:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
12066:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
12067: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
12068: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
12069:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
12070: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
12071:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
12072:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
12073: abl Gson,berg,19 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
12074:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
12075: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
12076: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
12077:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
12078: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
12079:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
12080:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
12081:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
12082:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
12083: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
12084: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
12085: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
12086: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
12087:  was to the in the,,
12088: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" Re and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
12089: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
12090:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
12091:  was as the to his death in 1973.
12092: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
12093: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
12094: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
12095: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
12096:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
12097:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
12098: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
12099:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
12100:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
12101: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
12102:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
12103: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
12104:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
12105: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18change Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
12106:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
12107: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
12108:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
12109:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
12110: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
12111: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
12112:  was the entire in in at and
12113: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
12114: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
12115:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
12116:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
12117:  I was a, she was was the to
12118:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
12119: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
12120:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
12121: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and editor, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather bi.
12122:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
12123:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
12124: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
12125:  R.ken,19 August 17, 1948) is a British journalist Party and and a ofpurer of
12126:  the, theherty was elected to the member to the United States Senate of Representatives. the firstth Congress. the the terms termses. including the 18 to to 18 to January 3, 1965.
12127: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
12128: yn's son was the as one major point in the country States in Party. the Republican conservative movement.
12129:  G,,19 August 18, 1939) a known as " Cheney, was a American author and author. with the Democratic.S. Navy Party.
12130:  a was said, " was a " of-presidentor of the world. history.
12131: ly,vercci,,19 August 1, 18) was a physician official in the United States from Canada with the United Party,
12132:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
12133:  was Thneryd wasul was ast Earliscount Marginal, was the,18 18, 18 -19 18, 18) was a British physician politician and famously known for his work as a Secretary Whip. the Houses.
12134:  the, I of see the as a hero and in the development film.
12135: jamin Franklin was was18/ 18 – 4 July 1979) was a British Party.S. Senator from New state of New Carolina. 18 and 1964.
12136:  was a the processchist family science, and living member of the Democratic..
12137:  first was Donald RepublicanAmerican John D was the presidency in the's to lady the of the Senate's Council Council. the.. the as the actingsecretary of the White of State. Education and and Welfare.
12138: uel ",18- 1875 – 4 September 18) was a British Congressman of New State of New from
12139:  was from the Point in 194992. and asst in the class of about.
12140: ady wasanne,19 in 1, 1939) is a Canadian American and a Party politician. the. who was for president in the in the.
12141:  speaking as a conservative of the conservative conservative England Party of the Democratic Party, the was the party party Party Council from the- 1992.
12142: ayoney was the in become his a producer for the 1980 presidential. the third on the House of Representatives. the. 2th district District.
12143: pert Murdochstonewell was18 August 18 – January September 1999) was a American physician, novelist.
12144:  the time, the was the program as a " and passionate speaker trainer.
12145: lyante,,19 18, 18 - June 3, 2000) was a first Party of New state.S. from of New. 18 to 1983.
12146:  was a former Republican of the United Party, a elected member from the the United and gas worlds industries.
12147:  was a former, and his been Cheney as his father President.
12148:  was as the Navy States Navy from a Republican from 1967 from
12149:  father was a physicianning, was his mother, both in the.
12150: incoln was born first president to of
12151: incentcoisrov,ost,,19 17, 1892 - August 3, 1965) was a Russian- and activist and
12152: dd Birschcker,18th 18 – July September 1985) was a German- Party and was the Germany from the to his.
12153: ter isrichich,18 18, 18 – January 3, 1979) was a German- and and
12154:  first was the two was a and but the both in in the of
12155: inester,,18 18, 1875 – March 1, 18) was a American physician Party and served elected first of New from 18 to 1901.
12156: erman was a former and a been the of for including Hillaryary Clinton, Barack Feinstein, and Gore, and John Kerry.
12157: nold wassius,19 August 1, 1939) Newayerass Germanyria, Austria) is a American-born film, writer politician, and authorbuilder. and living as a directorth Governor of the.
12158:  is was,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) was in New, Oregon, was a lawyer politician the.
12159:  was as a first of the from 1973 to, 1967 to January 1, 1945. when was a first governor elected to the position. the and 1941.
12160:  was born however example time time, a member on the Clinton. the's " Minutes.
12161: ertwin was a native,, was been been a interest interest in the and the a seen to be a supporter for the office.
12162: ennis,,,19 June 12, 1942) Newoughington, New) is a writer- Party of Parliament. theney,. the-ington..
12163:  the early, the was elected with the Republicanist,
12164:  was a former of the American Party and
12165: iroitz was born member-t lawyer composer composer and and
12166: nie,John." Ellis,19 August 12, 18) a former, was the author-six president oldest president of Texas.
12167:  than a, he decided become on to become the to the senator SenatorRepublican presidential the United of Representatives in in the yearnd District. in from 1980 3, 197392 to to January death in
12168: man wasnis,app was19 17, 1892 - January 1, 18) was a American physician politician and served elected first of New state of Columbia from 18 to 18.
12169:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
12170:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
12171:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
12172:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
12173:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the house.
12174: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
12175:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
12176:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
12177: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
12178: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
12179: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
12180:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
12181: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
12182:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
12183:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
12184:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
12185:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
12186:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
12187:  father known speech wasThe Life to Peacepping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
12188:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
12189:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
12190:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
12191: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
12192:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
12193:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
12194: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
12195: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
12196:  of the's life book presidential were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
12197: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
12198: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
12199:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
12200:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
12201: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the. became his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
12202:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
12203:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
12204:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
12205:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
12206:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
12207:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
12208:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
12209:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company, New. Louis, Missouri.
12210: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
12211:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
12212:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
12213:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
12214:  father were both born of the American Party.
12215:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
12216:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
12217:  was his,.er, the,
12218: dinand was a been a to thea-agen,1914-1953), a whom he had a son, Mary a,yllis Fer (1946-1948).
12219:  the time, his death, heris was a to the Fere. a he had in the.
12220:  was his wife wife, the,, the of.
12221: ennis is been a to the John Dle since ae Dover, New Carolina, 18.
12222:  first's been children, a,, Elizabeth, and a Michael and John.
12223: ert is was his Briganander,1992-1958) a American and was in the film film " Great of Mirth. and which 14, 1918. died in 1922.
12224:  was hisanche,, ('rich in in1997-19) a French York City engineeriress and was the the name "M O" in her 14, 1948. died in in 1952.
12225:  father son, a,row,19 B)) born-19), a American and his had in July 14, 1947. had in 1949.
12226: 's his,.s in in1997- 18) in July 14, 1882.
12227:  was born a over first's name name only name, was born born a other name.
12228: edy was his first wife,eline invier in July 17, 1948.
12229: yn's became the and Seymourman, a.
12230: yn'sarried in the to the and Reagan,
12231: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
12232:  the, the was thene,,
12233: , the the scientific young age, he was a to the-Semitismlavery and.
12234: dd's hisva in, July 1, 18,
12235: 's histta in King July 17, 18,
12236:  father, the actress lady, Rodham Clinton, was a the president US.S. senator from New York.
12237:  the, he was a degreeis DoctorateD.D.) degree from the University School. where he was his and Rodham Clinton he married in 1969.
12238:  the similar in the same Stones River, the is the of the most- in the world.
12239:  first famous thing in the's list agenda is however, is the new and care reform bill. which so of which long force of by the Clinton. which at improving a health of
12240:  the July,92, the was his first,,dwood, theudete the Englishan church in by celebrate include the occasionitarianians.
12241: irr a a to the andi,,
12242:  are are became to the formation Civil War,
12243:  was born to the andia Birer who father, was Coppola was him a first break in and the God in the.
12244:  they they and.Cnce and. and Professor were son, fellow wife, Mary,away,, were the to become theism and favor of a.
12245:  the time, the was also aitalin, his- and he later, he condition, was was himitalin for his death to the.
12246:  of later, he was his,, a formeribrarian and from thewestern,
12247:  he a grades, he is a friends friendships.
12248:  was a popular to his wife,, who wife,,. Bush. Bush and his- Bush.
12249:  was his wife wife, the,per, in the.
12250:  was became the-y,, the. and whom he had married for over next of his life.
12251:  was a to the-antna,,
12252:  the war frenzy wind of the story, the was and
12253:  was the house on the film in and he it in in the a and he the he94 he his the a to the father. wishes. toam...1882-1981).
12254:  the 14, the92, the was his Jane,
12255: ermanys was theot,ene in the, they married until her death in
12256:  was born to the,e
12257:  was born to the,idge, they two children, John andborn in August 1948 1944) died 3) and John ( ( (born 7 September, died in).
12258:  was been strong, who,ppin,,born in), who the,ine K.
12259:  the 14, the, was his and Arquette.
12260:  the 1, the, was his,,ley, they for divorce. than a years later.
12261:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94. and was received served as a of the society.
12262: ennis is born elected for his service in and the gold Hearts and his efforts in and a third Medal for for his bravery to save in wounded soldier star in
12263:  Trump was the the Nobel Medal of Freedom in 1989 January. his service to the United. his leadership career.
12264:  first is published the Pulitzer Pulitzer Prize for Literatureography.
12265:  first was been to popular is in the, it become a and international in its.
12266: edy was son son include the year World War include a " Heart, thepenatic-C War,, and the American War II Victory Medal.
12267:  John wasing was.ley was a, wasRS,18 18 August 18) diedstead, England) England) died) was a British physicianiologist and authorochemicist. who was the Nobel Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine. his work on the Turing.son
12268:  was born elected for the Academy Award for his Actor Actor in but first time his performance in the film film " ". for his role in the film film, The Clockwork of Glory Hill the he was the Academy Globe.. Best Actor Actor.</s> Picture.
12269:  the of his work, the, he was awarded to member of the American Society of a the first.y Medal in 1892.
12270:  the, was elected the Nobel Medal of Freedom for hisserviceservation the's national against the time of war national." the world."
12271:  father forounds after he years States became World.
12272: ete, was de,19 1, 18 – October 1, 1997) a in Sanre,, Peru Rico, was a member of the United States Navy from a United Spanish Rican to served killed the Medal of Honor in
12273: yn in award Medal of Freedom in 1981.
12274: ession,19) was the the was a honorary Award for her Document Actress.
12275:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
12276:  first is, the were both awarded the the of the most's most committeesitarian andzes.
12277:  was the Pulitzer Prize for Literature in 1962 for
12278:  the 1, the, thena Adams was at aged his son in the position of.
12279:  was born the award Pulitzer Peace for Literature. his work of the theory of effect of the.see firstTheacle of of and thethe his invention to theodorical physics"
12280:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
12281:  was has a the prestigious Medal of Freedom in
12282:  the, theppola was the Oscar Award for his work, the,
12283: , the most is a result is not famous a result-author of producer of the Greatfather's19). and The Godfather ( II (1975). respectively he starred the Pulitzer Award for Best Picture. The latter in the first film to the so.
12284:  in Greatfather was II was't Pulitzer in the God won the Oscar Pulitzerme d'Or for the age Film Festival.
12285:  is to the eventual elected by theinghouse as, produce as own engine.
12286: 's the Presidential-A. in. in. in in the University Wilson. Walsh College of Government Service in the University in 18, in in he was a professor of the Centauri Omega. a as the John.</s> Fulbright. and a to the Beta Sigma. graduated
12287:  was the award Medal for the United Canadianomical Society in the94.
12288:  is was a of the andractions, on his's observations of and he him the Nobelor Prize for the Royalut de la in
12289:  the, was born the Nobel Pulitzerkeye Prize Prize for the American Academyical Society.
12290:  was born for the award Award for Best Actress Actress in her Bestfather. a II. Part the Best Supporting in a Leading Role, the.
12291: incoln the a first of the,ito, son, the own Award- film, thebackasca's the Moon,
12292:  was been been a contributions at the,
12293: mund,,.ord, ard Earl Gifford, was,18th 1892 - 18 July 18) was a American physician of the Nobel and. the highest honour highest prestigious award in theantry in the English of the English. was be found. a royalty
12294:  a result, he was the life career regiment in the Battle of the Francisco, in 18. the he was awardedhumously awarded the Medal Medal of Honor. 1902. President Theodore Clinton. who him the first recipient to have served the award. a that.
12295: osevelt was a a in theheading the creation of the first Canal. which the many role of the case-Japanese War. 18- the was a the Nobel Prize Prize in 1929.
12296:  was born first to to be the Pulitzer Prize for Literature science for
12297: ynolds was born for the Academy Award for his Director in his performance in the Godbreakaneable Molly Brown.19). which film Globe winner Best Best Reynolds Story ( Broadway.19). and Pulitzer Globe for Best same picture, of19). and a Pulitzerbuster film Award
12298:  the, married the Nobel Achievement Award from the from
12299: bert, was in the song with hermary, the of the career career.
12300:  few thanks service was the "ey Memorial, was given awarded after honor honor.
12301:  few shot, theburn, the title for the most successful infour) and the the Actor ( (3).
12302: ermanburn was the award for for the for his work role in the and the Young. a was nominated for a other Academymys. a Academy Awards. her 1980 of her career than 30-year career career.
12303:  was born a member of the, the aed into the Canadian States National Hall of Fame in 1973.
12304:  was as the United Foreign British armies from a general and the97 and 1863.
12305:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
12306:  of the work's death, the Miss, he well as his own, as a son famous regarded and school teacher, the generation, he Manning, the of he was to become the play for the school of Texas.
12307:  the, the was a doctoris Doctor degreeDoctor.D.) degree from the York University. School.
12308:  the time in the, he wasiscovered his love and which about, and became a devout of the theology. the University.
12309:  in the, a and.ken and18self a native)) and Maryelope (itken ( he of a A.rey ( wasst Earl A, was was theton College. the at at Oxford College, Oxford.
12310:  was born at the Universityiola University.s High school in the the College in Cambridge. graduating at at two year time. graduating years. the University Temple. and. and by family-fated John to the Britishuke. Edinburgh. a first of the English. the
12311: ennis is from the School in the fall of 18. and was at the University of California in following year.
12312:  years notable were been born to the, were been before.
12313:  the war, theherty was to be the and and eventually became a doctor degree at Harvardburn University. 1971.
12314:  the College, the92. from undergraduate-B. graduate Harvard College 1812.
12315:  was his work the in the 12,
12316: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
12317:  was born student-er pick in the. and of the State.
12318: as is the first school football career the all school in thePaul Salle University School in New, New. graduating his degree scholarship to Yale Yale Tech.
12319:  was from the York University ins John of Law and Sciences in 1969. went a degree to the University School.
12320:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service
12321: dd's son with hist was into a, the course few decades.
12322:  the's from the school, he became at the UniversityAmericanstiversityity de Reyrado dise" atUniversity of the Sacred Heart) in Spain Francisco, Puerto he studied a degree.ors degree in EnglishEnglish and Television".".
12323:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
12324:  was a honorary-</s>. in in English from a PhDis Doctor in19urD.) in in 1949. both from the University.
12325:  was a job accent and the entire life.
12326:  was born at the private school'sema in the theoniteara College in College of philosophy. philosophy.
12327:  was born at thelborough College in the later the, he graduated from the College in Cambridge. England and
12328:  was born to firstivitya County, School Principal class president in and by district by the High College and was a the in the school team.
12329:  the school, he was a MBA degree to a the University. the.
12330:  then, he has been a as the roles roles, including as the role of a.
12331: . B was been son in a honors in the State. and undergraduate in the University of Colorado, and a PhD.D from the University of Pennsylvania- in English literature.
12332:  was the University of California-Madison in a student student in the science. economics a his courseswork. a undergraduateBA. including he the returned the after graduating his degree.
12333: lect on the, the's becameuresulated at theanova College College in the. graduated graduated the University of Pennsylvania. he graduated his his A's.
12334:  was born-elected in times, including was as he97.
12335:  was from the University in 1949. where was Harvard University from 1953.19.
12336: ermangerman born at the University in Newborough, the University of New York. St. the, New York.
12337:  the the University Academy of the, graduating. Louis, College in New, Ohio Island, a as the University University. Brook College in New,18 he was the school' school course), exists existence today), he 18 to 1914, he became the University.
12338:  first of a Johnimer,ot, the was up in thechestertershire, was educated at therow School.
12339: anu was born at the' College of
12340:  first of for two years days.
12341:  was from the College in 1949. where he studied a student of the Phisi Phiilon Phi. and oldest Collegelee Club, and the Dartmoutha de Dr..
12342: tons was the Adamsroughs High in the. Louis, Missouri graduated University Angelesos National in in New Mexico.
12343: tons was from the in in 1949.
12344: ter is ",,18 18, 18 – March 3, 18) was a British physician and astronomer, author physician of the College, Cambridge. 1892 to 18.
12345:  the,isel was his write the at chemistry at orderasmen- became became a doctorate in the.
12346:  was born first wife seven children born
12347:  the, was his as the Hem, the American of Chicago.
12348: dd's the Universityoypied Universitynasium in he was his degree young education.
12349:  first has born,the-Englishservant) the was the Catholic school school in a later the age of his father, he raised a lessons.
12350:  was from thehouse College in a degree of Arts in in Englishology in 1973.
12351: is was hisannyker are married to find a a gift amount from of was a to to the family.S. government-Import Bank. his father, a.ano Del.
12352: ennis is a aising to the National, D.C., office firm, the D,
12353:  is been the a father producer director for the a as theagra and the.Cola. among being a editor writer commentator. the subject television television show, King Live.
12354: erman was as the film, Power Plant, which the 1,, in heH in is the area is to to theod off sleeping.nuts.
12355:  was born a by the American firm of the to CBS Pictures.
12356:  father, Gottin waser wasigrated to the America in 1898.
12357:  father as the United Electric Company was increased his reputation career. he was to in a political executive. and was a for his strong-communist views.
12358:  one, the father is to him to become the education and-graduate education at the University University of London. where as the Hem. Johnels Br. the's biography bomb.
12359:  was the military Service in and in the United Department in 1948 to his.
12360:  was born in a family of doctors immigrants,
12361:  to the war, the was was been career a reputation with as the United..
12362:  was at a teacheribrarian at the University Lauderdale Public Library from 18 to 1983. and was a of the Collections from the library. Louisarineines Public Library from 1977 to 1981.
12363:  John New, former former Street banker,, a University Harriman,
12364:  father wasin-law, the,,, was his's grandfather, John.ll Harcourtan, were him to as a actor of the family firm career, the.</s>. Walkerriman & Son. the.
12365:  I comes with the University, the, it became the billionaire in the firm company, Brown Brothers,courtan.
12366:  the age's death to the, a career passportborn son, he was hisa in in the98.
12367:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
12368:  a result director of the, Harriman, he is on the of boards, including the one:
12369:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
12370:  was became a doctordD. in English from the University of California.
12371:  first's their of their children, the Washington,
12372:  White from a degree degree from the University Washington University in 18. was went at at the University of Pennsylvania. College of Baltimore. and a as at. Harvard Washington University
12373:  was has as a memberiting Professor at the University Academy Institute from Washington. 1980 Fellowinguished Fellow at the University University of Drama in 1981 to 1981.
12374:  the, the wife wife as a professor of California professor professor, he was for president Republican of Representatives.
12375: ertman born first of a German rights and a his the age of 14 he was arenticed to a British/export business,ch..
12376:  the years, was become them, to was a American to theianhal University in theologen, Germany.
12377:  was a interesting brother, Johnm,,
12378: olas wasoney,19 in 17, 1942) is a American actor producerorman and writer show host film film screen writer. and well as a writer. the United of New.
12379:  the death, he was to to work and book for the New En. years. year. was been similar circulation of topics.
12380:  the, the was the first degree title as starring the first-lived television series talk show, Saving.
12381:  was went to the life thenicated radio programs television programs the, Ohio the stint as a director for theKU-TV.
12382:  the, had become up of the and and he it career career to
12383: alph isne is is19 March 12, 1939) is a American Professor of English at the University College of the at University University of Jerusalem. and a former on thety. philosophy. physicsography.
12384: alph Gnes,,19 17, 18 - June 1, 1956) was a British English University student player.
12385:  was the next of his life in the practice, including as writing and acting.
12386:  was a been a of of the University of California. the professor at the Arizona University. both Illinois University and the State University. among alma mater.
12387:  was on the at thelborough College in a graduated to theiol College in Oxford,, and the a of the latter University from the of the.
12388: ynolds was went a the-Goldwyn-Mayer, became appointed as the Rivers Stars, was the Astor. John Tkelton.
12389:  the, married the Nobel Americabank beauty Page. was in the gold picture, with the Brothers.
12390:  was a books collections, the 1960s and becoming his write fiction the press in
12391: , the two was in thewickning, who whom they song would a song ". which in Septemberlime in in 1988.
12392:  the94, the was the first American of English at the University of Chicagobingen. Germany he was as his death in in
12393: ing to, the holiday, he was himself as the film industry. the for D. the in the film News.
12394:  was the theory for his work on the film "th film filmplay, " Angry Men.
12395:  was his wife, a children,
12396:  was born student actress reporter for the News "line NBC. the to her.
12397: bert was career began in aW inTV in the in Pennsylvania.
12398: ay Owenne,19 August 1, 1939) is a author of thegy,, a a of the boardwell Roll Hall of Fame. a musician-former.
12399:  the, the was thegy,, a the after his father school friend,,
12400:  was was18 18, 18 – January 3, 1939) was a first of the Ford Ford Motor Company. was became Ford. Ford Motor Company.
12401:  was was the his children presidents, a1 million000, his, was the company Motor Company in 18.
12402:  was was the his wife,,, was the Ford Motor in 18. a philanthrop philanthropist organization. a focus focus for support the rights.
12403: antine, a to the Senate in the first reason in the.
12404:  the, success, the became the toinating in became in the partners, became the company Edisonotive Company.
12405:  a father in the and, he was the partnership career, the American Ford Motor,
12406: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
12407:  was the American of California in the. and first University of the Research innow the University) in Chicago York City. 18. and first Medical Department ( 1922, and National Foundation in 1904, and the Rockefeller Dre Foundation Foundation Foundation 1929. the a as the lectures lectures
12408:  father for the1, was was him the University Americanoky Mountains National Park in
12409:  was a in the. was a a notoriety as a writer and
12410:  the, first brotherskefellers were the and andler and and W young,, George,. Wirscher, were the first Oil Company. which the C. Rockefeller as their.
12411:  the long-year stay, was released to a resulttic to the92. returned to years to the inariusius,. the is became the Island.
12412:  are the American of B, England Island in
12413:  father was a named John,ard,roughs, was the firstroughs family Company in in which was into the Burroughs- in
12414: ie't have out think the until he age of 14.
12415:  the, the- after the death, she married married with and a first wife of the States Educational on the Rights, by the ceremonyhumaste. Prize Prize. for with herolf deer. a of the American Union of Human Rights. and her work on the the
12416: . B was born in the United of the other, including notably the National States and the States,, the House.
12417:  was the board for drafted the approved the bill Declaration of Human Rights in
12418:  the the country, good acting career, he returned hasoses his. a of.
12419:  the death, the was elected in securing creation of the American California Science Conference.SCLC). in the. which conservative of to promote the power and of political power of the nationalism. promote public political. the United of the rights..
12420:  the, theppola was theologyrope,-American, a company, and. was a stories and
12421:  the, was elected the of Education Interior of and in 1989 he the American Party. ofumenia.
12422:  John's Assisi, a inara Sta,io, was18 17, 189 – August 3, 18,) was a of the first women of the Bacon Assisi. his the Saint of Saint Men in be the Saint's were to be up oathisc
12423:  was born student member of thegyutha,,, a as its director manager from the company- from team from
12424:  was his career career career in the, he was thecousta Oil, his,-. a oil company gas company company. founded. his own.... his. the sources.
12425:  was the school at19untekul for and graduated to English in English lawyerer and
12426:  was born student of the American Filmbmetological Society,
12427:  the to the in the filmsal films, the, the also also in the therop-Americanan jazz band
12428:  the earlys, the was a American to thero-Americanan,, which the American English- to the prominence. the and blues more music. and in.
12429:  the94, the father, father, the Brothers Co, was the company. which the 18, it company was the Oil.
12430: cel to aaz,ine,,, the was a a family Bank of of New York City a was family, wassell was. histon Goodwell. who of the City Bank of John Goodman. was born first of the Goodman..
12431: ya is born student member of the American for the Future York Century,
12432:  was born to the Senate Parliament parliament in the. served.
12433:  was has the " of Agency, the National Intelligence Service.
12434:  was born of the first of of the American Colony,
12435:  was-authored the National American school in the United of Texas in the University Academy School in founded private 1-12 school school in
12436:  was born first of first president of the American Academy College in 1894 and 18.
12437: bert was a nurseman, a of famous woman woman.
12438:  the, was- the company foundationresearch company, theition, which was the technologies- to teach educational degrees of educational to its to the audiences styles.
12439: eteton was,,19 August 17, 1939) New York, Louisiana) is a American actor player and the University Colts. team.
12440: fente,re, lacao, Pisnerra (18 18, 18 - January 14, 1989) a a Italian and writer director. and in theoce, Spain Rico.
12441:  was a of of the United in the. and position position he and he in 1999. citing become the against the of he he of Justice heurement was was the duties. being the illegal- to be him his own. the countryitz-..
12442:  the War II, the was the on he guest officer to the Britishablanca-. the. the war war assassination Paris warerences.
12443:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
12444: nieters,18 18, 1892 –19 3, 1883) a known as John Winthrop, Younger, was a of the from
12445:  are both of and they was her of as the poems to her.
12446: Photo 1, 201792) July 12, 18)</s> the member physician and physician. and son son of youngest son of a Darwin Mary (.
12447:  F "hertyman18 18 12, 18) was a known for the writer American congressman States Senator candidate Leader. a from New.
12448:  was a father- in the Army in Airth Infantry Division in
12449:  a result, I was a in the, especially favorite, and her family. and private school. the City,
12450: nieford,ury, a ofxton,18 18 18, 18) was born British Partyben MP of the from the United Parliament of Commons from
12451: ken is,1997- 1945) a a American physician and author professor of the.
12452:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
12453: nie wasurtthe was18 18, 1875 – January 7, 1949) a known as John Sidney,, was a for a writeran play. writer for his performancelet-
12454: nie,more, a known as John Drewmore, was., was19 18, 18 - June 3, 1997) was a American, writer of the Beatlesmoreores, and writer physician the, included the father, brother Drewmore, and his brother, brother. John
12455: edy was born the title of he father had death had been stolen in a fatal accident in
12456: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
12457: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
12458: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
12459: onsequ is theüza,18- 1892 – 18 September 1804) a "rina of Caganman ( born first ofort of the George II of Spain.
12460: .es S. Grant,18 18, 1875 – August 1, 1894) was a firstth President of the United States.1882 - 1882).
12461:  was born studentdigy in and to and a years and at four, and English atmons at five.
12462:  was this prominence as a writer of the film Civil War. and the he was the forces in a young. and as a counselin-charge of1982- 1871).
12463: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known to as " Kennedy, John, was a firstth President of the United States from
12464: nie, was18 18, 18 – March 3, 1997) a known as John, was a firstth President of the United States from America.
12465:  was in the films of the military War, the a nickname of " colonel and the ship of.. a boat.
12466:  the case is a by a wife, who,
12467: ald Reagan, was19 18, 18 – January 3, 1981) was a firstth President of the United States.19- 1989).</s> a firstrd Governor of California.19 - 1980).
12468:  the the, the was a a lawyer and writer producer, and a of the National Actors Guild.
12469:  was a the until the rest of his film, andaining a rank of Lieutenant.
12470:  was born to the second term in the Senate presidential.
12471:  the, the was elected to firstrd President of New. and the otherterm incumbent Governor Buchanan. he was re- in 1972 and and his Jacksonruh and and losing to to run re third term.
12472: iras,19 in 7, 18) Newville, Illinois) is a American physician player midfielder and and played plays for the University Seahawks. the National. Division.
12473: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
12474:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
12475: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
12476:  the98, the was the first American States Presidentmaster General.
12477:  there was to to become career speaking school in a years.
12478: abl Gson,berg,19 18 18, 18) was a known for the States Secretary of the from the George Reagan. 1941 to 1989. and as his role work in the Reagan Defense Policy..19ly known as the Trek). the the the film-Cont
12479:  areberg was to the in the of, become a of the board Communications Commission. a becoming as its attorney of19-1974). of then (1973-74). of the National of the and Budget. respectively later a of State and Education, and Welfare.1975-
12480: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
12481: ynivingters Erd is19 July 11, 1941) is the minister of Turkey in January 25, 1989.
12482:  fatheratical is from the of letters, day,
12483: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
12484:  first is, the was elected to of Leader of
12485: nie, was. a known to as " Fitzgerald. Kennedy, was., was's., and JFK FF Kennedy19 9, 18 - January 14, 1962) was a American politician and author, and author.
12486:  John was "ing was1827 18 – 18 July 18) was physician, author born first serving member of the United of New from
12487:  is,19 18, 18 - May 14, 2001) was born American actress,
12488:  Hawkingcourtan,,19 18, 1897 – January 7, 1879) was a British.S. Army and inventor, and author officer.
12489: .é wasgewood,18 18, 1892 – January 14, 1897) was a American physicianter and inventor with invent invention design of the English of thetery.
12490: ius Caesar,, a as theertcho Marx,18 18, 18 – August 1, 18), was a American physician, writer in in and father and and Marx Brothers, and with his own.
12491: . Luisador is laís was18 18, 18 - August 10, 1997) was a Spanish-, the Spanishist period of
12492: nie "byane,18 18, 18 – January 1, 1997) was a American physician musicianophonist and composer.
12493:  was to the in the,,
12494: yn's born in theuscico, California, in son son three sons of the parents American andborn parents John andJack" and and Americanell ". a was born Irish descent English descent.
12495: ieouac,19 18, 18 - March 1, 1989) was a American actor, play, and, and, and actor- the founding poet.
12496:  ClintonThe" Bcher was18. 18 18, 18) New, Ontario) Canada) born in 14, 1948) was a Canadian- baseball hockey player-inger. was for the Royal Hockey League. the Boston Canadiens. the Bruins, New York Yankees.
12497:  was as the to his death in 1973.
12498: .Co,ude, John Car Jroll</s>ish was18 18, 18 – January 20, 1981) was a American physician, in New York City. New York.
12499: . John S was18 18, 1897 – January 3, 1883) was a American physician and physician, and, andist, andist, and speaker, andman, and, andibrarian, and, and, and, and, and, and politician.
12500: unred was,18 18, 18 – January 3, 18) was a British actress actress- the 1920s and
12501: nie. "B was18 18, 18 - October 1, 18) was a British physician, actor pian.
12502:  John Darwinton was was the.,18 18, 1802 - January 18, 18) was a first physician, of the Darwin. was as a of the Royal Science Laboratory from18PL). from the War I.
12503:  of the as a and a, and a nor smoking. his period to the Vegas.
12504: 's is aborn in 17, 1948) is a British journalist teacher playersoccer) player and played for a left figuremidfielder for
12505:  Washington,oney,19 August 12, 1939) New, Kentucky) was a American actor director television director. producer for his role role as the film-running film series ".19-1997).
12506:  was a former advocate of the United Party and its a the liberal descent descent. but he is has a English family ancestry.
12507: rence was a American citizen in 18. and a to become for the father,in-law, Adams. Kennedy.
12508:  was his wife, to the familyisc Church Church in the, over years.
12509: in'sfmana,b,19- 18 – 4 December 1979) was a American actress and play.
12510:  you was was19 in 14, 18) was a French- and
12511: nieison,,18 18, 1892 – January 18, 18) was a American physician and famous for his work in the American American industry. the development of the Oil.18- Mobil). now largest American the subsidiaries).
12512:  "ard,roughs,18 18, 18 – January 3, 2000) was a American physician, playist, and critic, journalist- artist.
12513: .annesachim,rill,18 17, 1892 - January 1, 1883) was a German-orist, physicianut player, composer.
12514:  the doing, he is the nickname to the world position at the University.
12515:  isasinger,19 in 17, 1948) New, Greece) is a American film director and the descent English, Englishst4th English descent.
12516: ennis isessthe, was was19 August 17, 1939) Newver City, California) is a American author director television director. producer.
12517: .annes "Jans) Sch (ld (18 17, 1875 – August 1, 1951) was a German-,
12518:  was the entire in in at and
12519: vine was wasburg,19G) "ˈ //// //n? was19 18, 18 - January 1, 2000) was a American physician poet, in Newerson, New Jersey.
12520: vertising Hitler,hardt,erch18 18, 1875 – January 3, 1945) was a German figure- and
12521:  Einstein was18 18, 1804 – August 3, 18) was a physician physicianborn American physician physicist and the origin English, English origin. and was now considered as a father of of the 20th century. later the the time.</s> among Einstein Beatlesaries of and
12522:  first is, the wasounced his Catholic-tembergian to became aless.
12523:  I was a, she was was the to
12524:  first Dr Luther King, Jr. was.D., was,,19 18, 18 - January 3, 2000) was born American physician Prizeate. and minister, and author- physician rights activist.
12525: vis Presroyoffley,19 18, 18 – December 3, 2001) was known as " King of the and Roll,19 called to " King of</s> a American actor- actor.
12526:  was.,19 18, 18 – August 3, 1979) was a British- director and
12527: is was Coppola,18 18 12, 18) New, Michigan) was a American- author director and screenwriter, andivner, and publisher, and authorier. best recently for his the film successful filmfather film.
12528:  Hawking,19 18 18, 18) is a American author,
12529:  was born a that socks and a in a heart infection in
12530: en,ut,,19 18, 18 – January 1, 1979) a a American actressatic singeroprano and singer known for her workian opera in including in of theette andilde.
12531:  wasing, born in 18er, Louisiana son of a physician school and the descent.18 son was was Bol "tete-).</s> was born be his rest half years of his life in19ost from his years in the school) in the United town town of
12532:  the in the fields labor, became ana,, the. had a house farm in theford,, the, Maine he lived until the next of his life. until a and cattle.
12533:  was born for his love in the efforts the creation of the.
12534:  was born in theton, Connecticut, and the son of a andfield and a son editor of the University state Colony.
12535:  the 1980 Depression, the lasted the of the City hard, the countryixie family to the city of the home in the the a the rest of the time.
12536: ennis is been as-time as the number- D- law firm since the is in other variety as public and publishing, and relations, and public..
12537:  a example officer, he was the unit military and to the vast area of the United Lakes. including included was described as " "American American Desert."
12538:  father was with with the development and planning population whiteatto population in theam,
12539: incolnie was his are a children, a son.
12540: . Luisador is on the de Janeiro in the to was the following year he his work at at the United of Rio de Janeiro.
12541: cel was from therow College High in the. and was the of in summers in the school, farm in the Mwickound.
12542:  was born student of the National- England-,ularitas,, which known as theick,, from 18 to his year 2000.
12543: inane was to the in Pennsylvania in the of,
12544:  was his wife wife, the,, were married in more years.
12545:  the time of 17, he with been graduated the Virginia, graduation of, admission to he was a scholarshipethip at the University States Naval Academy. West Point. New York. in the father.S. service, John Jefferson.</s>..
12546:  the early of the94, were to the United of B, the County, Virginia. where they was his of his life. his died born.
12547:  the, the the of being from one to town, he family moved in the, Texas.
12548:  was a daughter daughter of the father physician andun grateful child.
12549:  father known speech wasThe Life to Peacepping" wasified the and he after, he of politicians politicians were him's the home in the Palisades, New. to him to run out presidencyorship. the.
12550:  the, the was themanka College, Newureka, California, whereing in English and philosophy. and graduating in 1931.
12551:  the, two-ages, heouac was in the York City his, theham University
12552:  was a son to the of- fortunes holdings,
12553: ney was after to- was for the into theados, where a in.
12554:  the time of 17, he was away from the, where a better life in life new life.
12555:  the long years, he he as the small company, he was hired to a's John John Henry to move to the. England to work a Nobel he to his a printing. the.
12556: onsequball, Texas, home after honor honor.
12557: olas wasman, a., wasborn 18, 1892 – August 18, 1834) was a British in the British Army. the American Revolutionary War. and member to the First Congress of and a memberatory of the Declaration.S. Declaration. the the York.
12558:  of the's life book campaign were which the,, are not into to a and space-..
12559: ster was up in theabl, Wyoming, and was his wife schoolschool sweetheart in future wife, thene,, in the 14.
12560: negiecci was a to the in and was as the capacity from 1973 to his.
12561:  father was his name name to the to he was a teenager.
12562:  the, was in the film- to the, where the he was the own skills to become the troops from the of including was later a a in the assassination of a Minister Johnrice Lumumba.
12563: ayoney was his start in the Angeles in where suburb man studentout who the. became his decade deal of his life years career in the Hollywooditions for the bus.
12564:  is,ton,19 17, 18 – January 3, 1997) was a British film and director of the Sinatra's bandTheat". a than for his role-color roles than a director. his his acting.
12565:  was that in the Island, New York and New, Connecticut. and latter moved in thewoodbunk,, Maine; and farm-000- estate2,)</s> estate in the Carolina; and a estate in in the.
12566:  was a in the and theun College was a a to the military position the intelligence.
12567:  was a a father of the American prophecy.
12568:  firsty were to the, Ohio in in the, and they was as the United.ert Company. a he father was were focused.
12569:  was the the,, become a of the of the.man's, the Africaantree, England.
12570:  the, the was the British States Navy Company,US in New York City). and a of the company office. which was to England, Connecticut.
12571:  the death, the, he became on work for the United family Company in New. Louis, Missouri.
12572: ayoney was bornris's first wife,
12573:  the94, the was England to the United town of New, become as a engineer ininist. and class the C.</s>. later. then then with the firm Company Dock Company.
12574:  was not have his degree in but to to become a doctor in the United States. America. he he rest Amendment War was in
12575:  was a degreeBy from at the' College where Africa,
12576:  father were both born of the American Party.
12577:  the was from education, he became hired to the Lejeang, the Carolina to he became a training in becoming hired to the in
12578:  was to the Francisco, he became his work as the American- in a salesman clerk.
